# **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Specification Committee Meeting

###  13 February, 2025 

| Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Welcome and introduction  |Juan | 5 |
| Specification committee members  |Juan| 5 |
| Collaboration infrastructure |Juan | 5 | 
| Review the Spec Committee provisions in the working group’s charter Ballots |Wayne, Paul | 30 |
| What you need to know Next steps   | Juan, Wayne, Paul | 10 |
| AOB | All | 5 |

**Quorum \- 50% of Representatives / \>50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote**  
 

# ATTENDEES

## Steering Committee Members

- [x] Mercedes-Benz:  Daniel Dilger (Primary), Tim Herres (Alternate)  
- [x] Nokia: Timo Perala (Primary), Jonne Soininen (Alternate) *\-- Timo sent regrets prior to the meeting*  
- [x] Huawei: Adrian O’Sullivan (Primary)[Arrived 15 min late]  
- [x] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)  
- [ ] Brian Fox, Apache Software Foundation (Elected Foundation)  
- [x] Jeremy Stanley, Open Infrastructure Foundation (Elected Foundation)  
- [x] Simon Phipps, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation)

## Eclipse Foundation Staff

- [ ] Gael Blondelle  
- [ ] Sharon Corbett  
- [x] Juan Rico  
- [x] Wayne Beaton  
- [x] Paul Buck

# MINUTES

## Quorum: 

Quorum was achieved

The members of the Committee were introduced and it was pointed out that the first activity the Specification Committee should address is the election of their chair.

Wayne introduced the process for releasing specifications under the Eclipse Foundation Specification Process with the moments in which the Specification Committee has ballots to approve moving a Process Specification a step forward to make a release.

It was discussed the elements that are covered by the Specification Process that are mainly documents and processes and their definitions are included in the [EFSP guide](https://www.eclipse.org/projects/efsp/.)

It wasn’t clear the relationship between the project proposal [Cyber Resilience Practices](https://projects.eclipse.org/proposals/cyber-resilience-practices) and the duties of the Committee. It was explained that the Specification Committee is required to hold a Creation Review Ballot as per the EFSP. There was also discussion regarding Cyber Resilience Practices project proposal to better understand its objectives which were being questioned. During the next Specification Committee meeting we will dig into this, the committee is also encouraged to contribute to the public discussion since the project is in Community Review ([Tracking issue](https://gitlab.eclipse.org/eclipsefdn/emo-team/emo/-/issues/842#top)). Prior to the Creation Review ballot the Committee representatives will need to better understand the project to formulate their positions.

The Specification activities have two mailing lists:

- Internal (private) spec committee topics ([org-wg-specification-committee@eclipse.org](mailto:org-wg-specification-committee@eclipse.org)) Only spec committee members are invited under creation  
- Public for ballots and discussion ( [orc-wg-specification@eclipse.org](mailto:orc-wg-specification@eclipse.org))

The public one should be the list used to have the discussions and conduct ballots.

Next steps:

- Nomination for Specification Committee Chairs  
- Clarification of the EFSP in the context of ORC WG  
- Invite Cyber Resilience Practices project to the discussion

## AOB

# Resolutions

### Meeting materials

[ORCWG Specification Committee Kickoff.pdf](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1q446RpFzBd7bKWAxmtD7VtJFG_brfUIw/view?usp=sharing)

## Next Meeting

Next meeting will be on the 27th of February 16.00 CET

**Meeting Adjournment**  
The meeting adjourned at 5:30 pm CET

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
