---
Committee: Specification Committee
Document type: Minutes
Status: ✅ Approved
Date: 2025-07-24
---

# **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Specification Committee Meeting

###  24 July 2025 

| Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| IP reminder \+ Approval of the [minutes of the last Spec Committee](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1spwJAqBYp6wbXyQ-USvFRNHXe3igMraccX3LwJzbXl4/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.gxn7522l60z2) meeting | Simon | 5 |
| Letter to CEN/CENELEC and ETSI \- [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RdCHHiMVNuucc25YDCDAyXDwV3Qg8bd8ICtro_5IhSs/edit?usp=sharing) | Juan | 15 |
| Feedback to 1025  | Juan | 15 |
| Organisation of feedback to CEN/CENELEC PT3 | All  | 15 |
| AOB | All | 5 |

**Quorum \- 50% of Representatives / \>50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote**  
 

# ATTENDEES

## Specification Committee Members

- [ ] Mercedes-Benz:  Daniel Dilger (Primary)  
- [x] Nokia: Jonne Soininen  
- [x] Huawei: Adrian O’Sullivan (Primary)   
- [x] Red Hat: Dave Baker (Primary),   
- [ ] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)   
- [x] Brian Fox, Apache Software Foundation (Elected Foundation), Dirk-Willem van Gulik (Alternate)   
- [x] Jeremy Stanley, Open Infrastructure Foundation (Elected Foundation)  
- [x] Simon Phipps, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation) \- *Arriving 16:14*

## Eclipse Foundation Staff

- [ ] Tobie Langel  
- [ ] Sharon Corbett  
- [x] Juan Rico  
- [ ] Mikael Barbero

# MINUTES

## Quorum: 

Quorum reached 16:03 CEST \- 14:03 UTC

### Minutes of the previous meeting

Motion moved from Jeremy Stanley approved with no objections

### Letter to CEN/CENELEC and ETSI 

* It is proposed to add some recommendations based on the symptoms that have been identified.  
* The feedback to 1025 will be used as a reference for recommendations.  
* An updated version of the letter will be shared before getting in touch with organisations to adhere to it.

### Feedback to 1025

* It was presented the final result of the feedback and the following actions were proposed.  
* Communication plan around the feedback, including:  
  * The feedback doc itself  
  * A webinar-like event to go through the key topics presented in it.  
* We should be consistent in presenting our concerns around how European Standardisation Organisations are operating.

### Organisation of feedback to CEN/CENELEC PT3

* The documents remain private, only available to people contributing to either CEN/CENELEC or ETSI.  
* However, it is intended to share the key points raised in the feedback process so everyone is aware of the critical aspects to influence.  
* It is recommended to everyone with the possibility of reporting feedback to the doc to highlight that the ISO standard used as reference doesn’t comply with the definition of the different economic actors presented in the CRA, so that must be changed.  
* In addition to this, there is an ongoing effort to create a dictionary in CEN/CENELEC WG9. Given the previous experiences of the open source community members, we will propose:  
  * Contact the convenor of the CEN-CLC/JTC 13 WG 9, to work with the members of the open source community to develop the parts that concern us.  
  * Develop this work in the open and offer them to join the effort publicly.

## AOB

- None

# Resolutions

* Minutes of the previous meeting were approved.

## Next Meeting

August 21st, 2025 \- 16:30 CEST \- 14:30 UTC

**Meeting Adjournment**  
16:38 CEST \- 14:38 UTC

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_