---
Committee: Specification Committee
Document type: Minutes
Status: ✅ Approved
Date: 2025-06-19
---

# **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Specification Committee Meeting

###  19 June 2025 

| Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| IP reminder \+ Approval of the [minutes of the last Spec Committee meeting | Simon | 5 |
| Vulnerability Handling Task Force | Tobie | 15 |
| CVE ongoing work \- input to CSA | Tobie | 15 |
| Outcomes from the CEN/CENELEC meeting, conclusions and actions to take | All  | 15 |
| AOB | All | 5 |

**Quorum \- 50% of Representatives / \>50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote**  
 

# ATTENDEES

## Specification Committee Members

- [ ] Mercedes-Benz:  Daniel Dilger (Primary)  
- [x] Nokia: Timo Perala (Primary),   
- [x] Huawei: Adrian O’Sullivan (Primary)   
- [x] Red Hat: Dave Baker (Primary)  
- [x] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)   
- [ ] Brian Fox, Apache Software Foundation (Elected Foundation), Dirk-Willem van Gulik (Alternate)   
- [x] Jeremy Stanley, Open Infrastructure Foundation (Elected Foundation)  
- [ ] Simon Phipps, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation)

## Eclipse Foundation Staff

- [x] Tobie Langel  
- [ ] Sharon Corbett  
- [x] Juan Rico  
- [ ] Mikael Barbero

# MINUTES

## Quorum: 

Quorum reached 16:05

### Minutes of the previous meeting

Motion moved from Jeremy approved with no objections.

### Vulnerability Handling Task Force

1st meeting of the TF happened on June 19th and well attended.  
Discussions about:

* Focus on the background and focus  
* Relationship between manufacturers and open source  
* Strategy to provide informative annexes, no possible to use it as annexes to CEN/CENELEC. The TF focus on creating the content and try find the channels to funnel the content to relevant places. Annex deliverable is cancelled.  
* Meetings on a biweekly basis, plus a slack channel to enable conversations and discussions around it.

### CVE ongoing work \- input to CSA (deliverable 2.6)

* Propose by the SIG  
* Open source to be more involved in contributing to the discussion  
* Initial proposal created by Red Hat, but already 65 comments. Reference Pull request \- [link](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/127)  
* Ciarán and Tobie working on consolidating the input to be delivered by ORC WG.  
* First policy statement done as a group, developed using open source mechanisms and process and delivered as policy done in the open source way.

### Outcomes from the CEN/CENELEC meeting, conclusions and actions to take

* WG9 Plennary level with the three Project Teams reporting the status.  
* No Annexes with open source stewards will be included in the standards.  
* We will be developing the annex outside of the standard.  
* Trying to discuss if the contributions should be to the Vulnerability Standard or to the Generic requirements. But it ended up taking it away from the standard.  
* PT1 is under internal review \- comments sent by the ORC WG to PT1 [here](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/coordination/cen-cenelec-wg-9/deliverable-2-5.md).  
* PT3 will go under inter review, beginning of July.  
* PT2 will be later.  
* Current comments to PT1 were a bit of last minute, for PT3 we plan to organize it in a way that the key parts are shared for public discussions.  
* Logistics of the CEN/CENELEC meeting were no effective.   
  * Technical difficulties  
  * The agenda was not well structured  
  * Challenging to spend three days without a clear view on when the key conversations can happen.  
* Where the obligation of manufacturers of in terms of upstreaming vulnerability reporting obligations?  
* Standardization request only focus on obligations for manufacturers, all the other obligations is going to be solved through European Commission guidance or implementing acts. We are quite well organized in contributing to those resource.

## AOB

- None

# Resolutions

* Minutes of the previous meeting were approved.

## Next Meeting

July 17th, 2025 \- 16:00 CEST

**Meeting Adjournment**  
16:55

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_