# **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Specification Committee Meeting

###  27 February, 2025 

| Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approval of the [minutes of the previous ORC Specification Committee call| Paul | 5 |
| Election of the Specification Committee Chair | Paul | 10 |
| Cyber Resilience Project Discussion | Mika, Paul | 20 |
| Project Creation Ballots | Wayne | 15 |
| AOB | All | 5 |

**Quorum \- 50% of Representatives / \>50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote**  
 

# ATTENDEES

## Specification Committee Members

- [x] Mercedes-Benz:  Daniel Dilger (Primary)  
- [x] Nokia: Timo Perala (Primary), Jonne Soininen (Alternate)  
- [x] Huawei: Adrian O’Sullivan (Primary)  
- [x] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)  
- [ ] Brian Fox, Apache Software Foundation (Elected Foundation)  
- [x] Jeremy Stanley, Open Infrastructure Foundation (Elected Foundation)  
- [x] Simon Phipps, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation)

## Eclipse Foundation Staff

- [ ] Gael Blondelle  
- [x] Sharon Corbett  
- [ ] Juan Rico  
- [x] Wayne Beaton  
- [x] Paul Buck  
- [x] Mikael Barbero

# MINUTES

## Quorum: 

Paul Buck acted as chair for the meeting  
Quorum was achieved   
Approval is requested for the minutes from the February 13th, 2025 meeting as drafted \- **Approved**  
Simon Phipps (Software Heritage) has been selected by the ORC Specification Committee as their chair  
Questions were raised regarding the [Cyber Resilience Practices](https://projects.eclipse.org/proposals/cyber-resilience-practices) project proposal

* Regarding the relationship between the CRA SIG and the specification project, the SIG is not a governance body, specification projects are under the purview of the working group and governed by its specification committee    
* When another specification is created, will it require its own ballot? Yes it will.  
* Has there been any public discussion regarding the proposal to describe it and call for interest? It appears that the proposal has been pre-authored, it appears that the first public communication was in the SIG call earlier in the week. We would have expected that there would have been an earlier call for interest.   
* The committee requests that the project proposal be socialized with a call for interest, and the project can come back to the committee in two weeks (March 13th), seek volunteers  
  * Request is to do that on the working group mailing list

## AOB

# Resolutions

### Meeting materials

Mika’s presentation [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1uqtbSc_3YtbG5SsIvqYlxczOaXk7SScG/view?usp=sharing).

## Next Meeting

March 13th, 2025

**Meeting Adjournment**

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_