###  31 March 2025
##  Agenda
 Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/62) | Tobie | 2 |
| Steering & Spec Committee updates | SIG Leads | 5 |
| [FAQ Task Force meeting](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/MEETINGS.md#faq-task-force-call) | Tobie | 3 |
| [ORC GitHub Profile page](https://github.com/orcwg/.github/pull/1) | Tobie | 5 |
| [Collaboration on BSI and FSFE questionnaire](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/tree/main/questionnaires#questionnaire-for-open-source-and-manufacturers) | Tobie | 15 | 
| [Technical definitions of Important & Critical Product](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/blob/main/product-definitions/README.md#current-consultations) ([Related pull requests](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pulls?q=is:pr+is:open+label:%22Critical+and+Important+Products%22))| Tobie | 15 | 
| [Vulnerability Management Specification](https://github.com/orcwg/vulnerability-management-spec) | Mikael | 10 |
| AOB | | 5 |

<details>
<summary><b>Participants </b></summary>
 
 * Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen/Eclipse Foundation)  
 * Mathias Schindler (Github)  
 * Dick Brooks  (Business Cyber Guardian)  
 * Victor Roland (OBEO)  
 * Dan Appelquist (Samsung / OpenSSF GlobCybPol wg)  
* Marta Rybczynska (Eclipse Foundation)  
* Jakub Zelenka (The PHP Foundation)  
* Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF))  
* Daniel Thompson (Tauri)  
* fukami (OprenSSF)  
* Jeremy Stanley (Spec Committee, OpenInfra Foundation, SPI)  
* Mikael Barbero (Eclipse Foundation)  
* Olle E. Johansson, Edvina (OWASP)  
* Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)  
* AdrianOSullivan (Huawei)  
* Tabea Uthmann (x0r)  
* Timo Perälä (Nokia)  
* Dirk-Willem van Gulik (ASF)  
* Vicky Risk (ISC)
</details>

## Notes

### Approve previous minutes

* [https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/62](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/62)  
* Minutes approved, PR merged

### Steering & Spec Committee updates

* Jeremy: Spec Committee update,  
  * Discussed that the previously approved specification project resources (git repos, et cetera) were being created; brief discussion about comms channels: consensus to use general ORC-WG mailing list for most discussions. Public spec committee mailing list limited to voting activity, private list limited to things that need to be temporarily kept private.  
* Timo: Steering committee update: March 20 call.  
  * Leadership discussion ratified: Simon, Timo, Dirk-Willem be SIG and project leads  
  * These are admin duties  
  * Purpose it to make coordination easier  
  * Discussion about non-spec deliverables (e.g. comments to external parties). Those deliverables don’t require Steering Committee approval. Community consensus is enough. Makes us more nimble and agile.

### FAQ Task Force meeting

- https://github.com/orgs/orcwg/projects/7

### ORC GitHub Profile page

* [https://github.com/orcwg/.github/pull/1](https://github.com/orcwg/.github/pull/1): input welcome  
* Olle suggests using MD lint, will open issue to discuss

### Collaboration on BSI Germany and FSFE questionnaire

- Some comments done were lost somewhere?  
- Filtering should happen early on so we focus on the right audience  
- Questions should be better grouped (logical train of thoughts) \-\> subheadings  
- Guided questions early on, to the guide people to the right place  
- Possibly some upfront definitions  
- Filter out people before getting in to the specifics  
- OpenSSF awareness SIG: [https://openssf.org/press-release/2025/03/18/linux-foundation-research-reports-reveal-wide-spectrum-for-cyber-resilience-act-readiness-and-compliance/](https://openssf.org/press-release/2025/03/18/linux-foundation-research-reports-reveal-wide-spectrum-for-cyber-resilience-act-readiness-and-compliance/)  
- Tobie to follow up.

### Technical definitions of Important & Critical Product

- What about DNS servers?  
- Annex III item 9, public key infrastructure could be the answer?

### Vulnerability Management Specification

- Draft specification [here](https://github.com/orcwg/vulnerability-management-spec)     
- https://github.com/ossf/wg-vulnerability-disclosures  
- Time is of the essence to share with CEN JTC13/WG9/PT3,  

### AOB

* Brief update on OpenSSF [cybersecurity policy wg](https://github.com/ossf/wg-globalcyberpolicy). (from Dan A.)  
  We have 3 SIGs: awareness, standards, and tools. Right now SIGs are up and running. One of the things the Standards SIG has focused on is the OpenSSF Baseline (which has recently published): [http://baseline.openssf.org](http://baseline.openssf.org). \[happy to give a briefing on this if it’s helpful\]. Awareness workstream has published a few blog posts:   
  * [What Will My Business Need to do for the CRA?](https://openssf.org/blog/2025/03/24/what-will-my-business-need-to-do-for-the-eu-cra/)  
  * [Does the EU CRA affect my business?](https://openssf.org/blog/2025/02/20/does-the-eu-cra-affect-my-business/)  
  * [OpenSSF Policy Summit DC 2025 Recap](https://openssf.org/blog/2025/03/14/openssf-policy-summit-dc-2025-recap/)

  Have we worked with Security Insights project to add [‘steward’](https://github.com/ossf/security-insights-spec/pull/117) field to Security Insights spec.  
    Also FYI [\- LF research](https://openssf.org/press-release/2025/03/18/linux-foundation-research-reports-reveal-wide-spectrum-for-cyber-resilience-act-readiness-and-compliance/) published on CRA awareness. tl;dr the awareness level is low
