---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document type: Minutes
Status: ✅ Approved
Date: 2025-10-27
---

##  Agenda


| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/194) | Juan |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last SIG call |  Juan |
|  10 | Report from the Specification Committee meeting | SC chairs |
|  15 | CRA Expert Group | Juan/Ciarán | 
|  20 | Vulnerability Handling TF update +  [White paper](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150)  | Vulnerability Handling TF leads |
|  25 | 
|  30 | Status of the FAQ and inventory | Tobie |
|  35 | 
|  40 | Voluntary Attestations | Æva| 
|  45 | 
|  50 | Code & Compliance + Marketing Update | Juan |
|  55 | AOB | |

## Participants

- Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Dirk-Willem van Gulik (Apache Software Foundation, the ASF)  
- Æva Black (Null Point Studio)   
- Mathias Schindler (GitHub)  
- Felix Reda (GitHub)  
- Pierre Pronchery (FreeBSD Foundation)  
- Jakub Zelenka (PHP Foundation)  
- Shanda Giacomoni (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF))  
- Marta Rybczynska (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Vicky Risk (Internet Systems Consortium)  
- Tobias Frech (iJUG e.V.)  
- Gerardo Lisboa (ESOP & INFO-CARE)  
- Martin von Willebrand (Double Open)  
- Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)  
- Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen)

## Notes

### Welcome & approve previous minutes

- No comments \- mark as approved and merge them after the call

### Pending action items from last SIG call

- None, all covered

### Report from the Specification Committee meeting

- Discussions focused on 2026 Specification planning, including vulnerability management, cyber resilience principles, generic security requirements for open source components, and security policy for open source software stewards.  
- It was agreed to separate content creation from consumption methods, with content being the main short-term focus.  
- It was proposed to create a body of knowledge in charge of developing the content.  
- The objective would be to create the handbook for software stewards built on top of the current white paper.

### CRA Expert Group

- During the CRA EG meeting the following topics were discussed:   
  - Guidance Package \- It was briefly introduced, most of the feedback was positive but the European Commission insisted on the written contributions as the most effective way of delivering feedback. As ORC we are consolidating all the comments received and will shared the aspects included in the coming days. Eventually a consolidation meeting could happen next week.  
- ENISA introduced the work on SBOMs \- it is based on pilots, but open source is not yet well represented. We reached out to ENISA to cooperate.  
- ENISA also presented the Vulnerability reporting platform. Reporting platform \- APis likely early or first & appears that they have a rough idea of the complexity/size/volume of open source organisations v.s. authentication/identification needs. And first time some confirmation of an understanding that ENISA may be the CSIRT or otherwise reporting of last-resport for open source organisations that want to do the right thing but are not easily/cleanly mapped to a single national CSIRT.  
- SMEs were presented as key actors and a focus area for the European Commission.  
- The current problems in the standardisation were flagged with ETSI and CEN/CENELEC as guests for the event.

### Vulnerability Handling TF update \+ White paper

- The doc is reaching the first complete version, the Pull Request will be merged and with that the plan is:  
  - Request for feedback \- expected at the beginning of November  
  - Process comments \- mid November  
  - Release date for v1.0 \- end of November.  
- Relevant aspects:  
  - It deals with the different types of stewards  
  - It includes information about the Market surveillance authorities and the CSIRTs.

### Status of the FAQ and inventory

- TF meeting this week \- Minutes from the previous meeting will be made available  
- Discussion with the EC about the FAQ to facilitate the conversation with the CRA Expert Group. Pending guidance expected to reinforce the relationship with the European Commission & the Expert Group.  
- [https://cra.orcwg.org/](https://cra.orcwg.org/)   
- With the current situation, the TF meetings will be focusing more on content than on infrastructure.

### Voluntary Attestations

- Summary of the workshop:  
  - Any notes you have, feel free to share them with us through the GIT repository @ [https://github.com/orcwg/cra-attestations](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-attestations)   
  - More coming as consolidated notes & materials  
  - Focusing on distilling arguments into GitHub issues to have conversations around them, to end up with a set of recommendations.  
  - Identify the implications of the proposals.  
- Active discussion on ML regarding the question of who (which entities) are allowed to issue, or to monetise, attestations.  
  - Workshop was framed around text of CRA [Art 25](https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/HTML/?uri=OJ:L_202402847#art_25), which specifies 3rd party eligibility  
  - Recommend this group develops guidance and/or impact analysis 

### Code & Compliance \+ Marketing Update

- Diversity in faces to show our community  
- C\&C captured a lot of pictures and video \- Permission was given at registration, but let us know if you would not like video or photo released  
- Open call for content and contributions \- more blogging  
- Next C\&C   
  - More info: [https://www.eclipse-foundation.events/event/code-compliance-2026/summary](https://www.eclipse-foundation.events/event/code-compliance-2026/summary)  
  - Will be a CFP this time  
- OCX \- Open Community for Compliance  
  - Part of the Eclipse Foundation flagship event  
  - CFP already open here \- [https://www-eur.cvent.com/c/abstracts/73bd8ac8-013a-4c7c-bb1b-df8f03343127](https://www-eur.cvent.com/c/abstracts/73bd8ac8-013a-4c7c-bb1b-df8f03343127) 

AOB

- CEN/CENELEC WG9 PT1 feedback  
  - Link to doc open to consultations: [https://komport.evs.ee/Default.aspx?s=standardCommenting\&doc=19694](https://komport.evs.ee/Default.aspx?s=standardCommenting&doc=19694)  
  - Public comment process for PT1 open  
  - Impartial guide about PT1 and open source  
  - Understand what the due diligence content missed and the usefulness of the document.  
- Check the fundamentals of PT1 and PT3 to report the missing pieces for the open source community.  
- Example demonstrating the use of hashes for package identification was requested to bring them to the CEN/CENELEC WG9 PT3 meeting where the topic will be discussed.  
    
- CRA Mondays today with Jordan Maris

