---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document type: Minutes
Status: ✅ Approved
Date: 2025-02-17
Approved: 2025-03-03
---

##  Agenda
 Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| FOSDEM & Workshop output | Juan | 5|
| CRA Expert Group | Dirk, Lars, Tobie & Mika | 15 |
| Harmonized standards | Tobie | 5 |
| FAQ work next steps| Tobie & All | 15 |
| Inventory | Maxime & Tobie | 5 |
| Deliverable plan | Tobie | 5 |
| AOB | | 5 |

## Attendees

* Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)  
* Tobie Langel (Eclipse Foundation)
* Timo Perala (Nokia)
* Hendrik Ebbers (OpenElements)
* Dan Appelquist (Samsung / OpenSSF)  
* Tobias Heldt   
* Tobias Frech (iJUG)  
* Jakub Zelenka (The PHP Foundation)  
* Adrian OSullivan (Huawei)  
* Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)  
* Lars Francke (Stackable)  
* Georg Kunz (Ericsson)  
* Carlo Piana (Array)  
* Alberto Pianon (Array)  
* Daniel Thompson-Yvetot (Tauri)  
* Dirk-Willem van Gulik (ASF)  
* Lothar Felten (Pyramid Computer)  
* Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation)  
* Jeremy Stanley (Spec Committee, OpenInfra, SPI)  
* Marta Rybczynska (Eclipse Foundation) 
* Andrew Katz (Bristows|Orcro)   
* Rebecca Rumbul (Rust Foundation)  
* Simon Phipps (SWH)  
* Sal Kimmich (GadflyAI)  
* Jordan Maris (OSI)  
* Victor Roland (Obeo)  
* Olle E. Johansson, Edvina/OWASP  
* Daniel Dilger (Mercedes-Benz Tech Innovation)  
* Alistair Woodman (Earlang)  
* Dick Brooks (BCG)  
* Gerardo Lisboa  
* Maxim Baele (OWASP)  
* Pierre Pochery (FreeBSD Foundation)  
* Thierry Carrez (OpenStack)


## Minutes
### FOSDEM & Workshop output 

* All resources can be found on Github, in the [dedicated FOSDEM folder](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/events/2025/FOSDEM).  
* We plan to use [GitHub](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/events) as the resource hub for the events.  
* Feel free to provide comments on existing entries or to suggest the creation of new ones.

### EC CRA Expert Group 

* 60 seats \- each country has a seat \- and the rest are industry & community \- many companies and communities e.g. OpenSSF, Eclipse Foundation, Apache Software Foundation, Sovereign Tech  
* Expert group participant members can be found [here](https://ec.europa.eu/transparency/expert-groups-register/screen/expert-groups/consult?lang=en&groupID=3967).  
  * OSS is well represented by 5-6 organizations.  
* The activities will be structured in working groups and the lead for those WG is not restricted to EC staff.  
* **Legal vs. Natural people** question came up \- and the commission didn’t seem to think it’s such a problem … but countries and industry groups picked it up. \- [issue here](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/issues/55).   
* CRA Expert Group minutes will be publicly available 
* It is possible to have **invited experts** but upon formal approval and based on consensus.   

### Harmonized standards 

* CEN/CENELEC \- April 2025 \- public sharing of the outline of the standards  
* It is pointed out that it could be a good reference to take a look at the RED Delegated Act (comes into action Aug 25\)

### FAQ work next steps 

* ORC WG GitHub [FAQ Space](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/blob/main/faq.md%20)   
* FAQ work can serve as direct input on the \[expert group\] guidelines on the topics we care about \- can help to clarify different aspects.  
  * Coordination and organization will be included to optimize the handling of the inputs.
  * PR acceptance process:
    * Committers identify topics mature to be brought to SIG meetings:
    * Process Proposal  
      * Minimum number of \+1 reviews \[how many?\] and only bring issues here if they have a \-1.  
      * (And a '-1" veto also means a commitment to propose an alternative / help resolve the issue)   
    * Merge protection will be in place \- we need it. Tobie will work on that.  
  * **Call for leaders open to join to be committers** for this.

### Inventory 

* ORC WG GitHub [Inventory space](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/blob/main/inventory.md)  
* WIP moving all the references to GitHub.
* **Call for support to get the references categorized** reach out to join.  

### Deliverable plan 

* We have clear notes. And a clear plan for these documents.
* It was also clarified how the different bodies of the WG cooperate and the role of the projects.

  ### AOB 
* Vulnerability work is already happening, during the FOSDEM Workshop there was a track dealing with it.
* ORC WG - OpenSSF coordination: Dan Appelquist and others are also participating in the OpenSSF Cybersecurity Policy wg. This cross-cooperation target the optimization and coordination of OSS Communities.

## Action items

- [ ] Volunteers to support in leading FAQ discussions \- reach out Tobie and Juan to join the ones who did it during the workshop.  
- [ ] Volunteers to support Maxim with Inventory categorization \- reach out Maxim, Tobie and Juan  
- [ ] Volunteers to contribute to specific Task Forces contact Juan and Tobie  
- [ ] To confirm and communicate to the mailing list the process to get PRs accepted

