---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document type: Minutes
Status: ⚠️ Draft
Date: 2025-06-23
---

##  Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/116) | Tobie |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last SIG call | Tobie |
|  10 | | |
|  15 | Welcome new Senior Policy Advisor | Tobie |
|  20 | Steering & Spec Committee updates | [SIG Leads][] |
|  25 | CRA Expert Group updates | [Expert Group Liaisons][] |
|  30 | ESOs updates | [ESO Liaisons][] |
|  35 | | |
|  40 | Vulnerability Handling TF update ([Minutes](./vulnerability-handling-tf/2025-06-19-mom-vulnerability-handling-tf.md)) | Vulnerability Handling TF leads |
|  45 | Resource Inventory TF update ([#228](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/228)) | Inventory TF leads |
|  50 | FAQ TF update | FAQ TF leads |
|  55 | AOB | |

## Pending action items

- [X] Open [PR](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/127) to add statements on CVEs to deliverables plan & get SIG started on this
- [ ] Continue work on infrastructure facilitating coordination around standardization.
- [X] Organize first Vulnerability Handling TF call.
- [X] Add missing volunteers to Vulnerability Handling TF GH team.
- [ ] Close [work on BSI/FSFE questionnaire](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/labels/Questionnaire).

## Attendees

* Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen / Eclipse Foundation)  
* Mathias Schindler (GitHub)  
* Dave Baker (Red Hat)  
* Timo Perälä (Nokia)  
* Becky Hepper (Seagate)  
* Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)  
* Lenny Moskalyk (Drupal Association)  
* Jakub Zelenka (PHP Foundation)  
* Henry Haverinen (Cyberismo)  
* Shanda Giacomoni (Eclipse Foundation)  
* Victor Roland (Obeo)  
* Jonne Soininen (Nokia)  
* Marty Haught (Ruby Central)  
* Dirk-Willem van Gulik (ASF)  
* Jan Westerkamp (iJUG)  
* Æva Black (Independent)  
* Marta Rybczynska (Eclipse Foundations)  
* Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF))  
* Olle E. Johansson (Edvina, OWASP)  
* Maxim Baele (OWASP)  
* Jeremy Stanley (OpenInfra Foundation, SPI)  
* Friedrich Vandenberghe (imec)  
* Daniel Thompson-Yvetot (Tauri)
* Simon Phipps (Software Heritage Foundation - Inria Foundation)

## Minutes

### Welcome & approve previous minutes

* Minutes approved and merged.  
* https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/116

### Pending action items from last sig call 

* Open [PR](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/127) to add statements on CVEs to deliverables plan & get SIG started on this  
  * https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/coordination/enisa/deliverable-2-6.md  
  * https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/coordination/enisa/deliverable-2-6-orcwg-csa-revision-feedback.pdf  
*  Continue work on infrastructure facilitating coordination around standardization.  
  * Weekly emails continue  
  * Not much progress outside of that  
  * Positive feedback from the SIG on those emails  
*  Organize first Vulnerability Handling TF call.  
  * More later in the call  
*  Add missing volunteers to Vulnerability Handling TF GH team.  
  * Done  
*  Close [work on BSI/FSFE questionnaire](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/labels/Questionnaire).  
  * Should I close or merge the open pull requests \- waiting on Roman / Vick

### Welcome new senior policy advisor

* Ciarán O'Riordan joining Eclipse Foundation as Senior Policy Advisor

### Steering & spec committee updates

* Steering committee:  
  * Discussed input to PT3  
  * Discuss CRA expert group update  
  * Discussed marketing updates  
    * Shanda provided a bit of additional context \+ info about [this week’s meeting](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=MHJtaWZybjQ0dmQ1YjBna3VkdnVrMmhxdjggY183ZGI4ZTNmMTNjNGZhYzk4NDEwMzkxOGE5N2M3MDRiYjFkNjE5ZGEwZmRiNjZkMzNmMTc0Nzg0OWI2MDIwYWVhQGc&tmsrc=c_7db8e3f13c4fac984103918a97c704bb1d619da0fdb66d33f1747849b6020aea%40group.calendar.google.com%20%20)  
* Spec Committee  
  * Discussed PT 1 & PT 3 input  
  * Discussed CEN/CENELEC in person meeting  
  * Discussed scope of standards (essential requirements)  
  * Discussed contribution to PT3  
  * No vote on anything in the specs meeting other than approving the minutes from may's meeting 

### CRA Expert Group updates

* Short update on last meetings (already sheridan previous SIG) group of  
* Shipped our related deliverables:  
  * [Comments to draft of open source EU Guidance](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/deliverables.md#27-comments-to-eu-guidance-on-open-source) (not public)  
  * [Contribution on Open source hardware](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/coordination/cra-expert-group/deliverable-2-3.md)

### ESOs updates

* Shared CEN/CENELEC meeting updates  
* Cancellation of PT3 Annex C on open source ([canceled our deliverable accordingly](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/coordination/cen-cenelec-wg-9/deliverable-2-4.md))  
* Separate policy group created at ETSI to respond to Commission input requests  
  * E.g. 1025  
  * Omnibus, etc.

### Vulnerability Handling TF update

* [Minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/vulnerability-handling-task-force/2025-06-19-mom-vulnerability-handling-tf.md)  
* [SIG Deliverables plan](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/deliverables.md)  
* [Bi-weekly call](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/MEETINGS.md#vulnerability-handling-task-force-call)  
* Folks to provide input on topics they’d like addressed  
* Agreement to focus on valuable deliverables, regardless of context where they’d be used.

### Resource Inventory TF update

* Nothing to report  
* Tobie commits to completing final draft by EOM

### FAQ TF update

* No update  
* Call this Friday

### AOB

* Link for CRA Monday happening after this call: [https://eclipse.zoom.us/j/4904674754?omn=89584971434\&jst=3](https://eclipse.zoom.us/j/4904674754?omn=89584971434&jst=3)   
* Previous CRA Monday calls: [https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/events/cra-mondays](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/events/cra-mondays) and Youtube playlist: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLy7t4z5SYNaT-DjqGR0ORSSZGZYW8qmRs


[SIG Leads]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#leads
[ESO Liaisons]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#cen-cenelec-wg-9
[Expert Group Liaisons]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#cra-expert-group

  
