---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document type: Minutes
Status: ⚠️ Draft
Date: 2025-10-13
---

##  Agenda


| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/188) | Juan |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last SIG call |  Juan |
|  10 | Report from the Steering Committee meeting | SC chairs |
|  15 | 
|  20 | Vulnerability Handling TF update +  [White paper](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150)  | Vulnerability Handling TF leads |
|  25 | 
|  30 | CRA Expert Group | Ciarán |
|  35 | 
|  40 | Status of the FAQ and inventory | Juan |
|  45 | Voluntary Attestations | Æva| 
|  50 | Code & Compliance + Marketing Update | Juan |
|  55 | AOB | |

### Participants

- Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Jakub Zelenka (PHP Foundation)  
- Daniel Thompson-Yvetot (Tauri)  
- Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF))  
- Mathias Schindler (GitHub)  
- Victor ROLAND (Obeo)  
- Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen)  
- Dirk-WIllem van Gulik (ASF)  
- Simon Phipps (SWH)  
- Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)  
- Roman Zhukov (Red Hat)

## Notes

### Minutes

- Minutes were approved and will be merged after the call.

### FAQ

- First version of the CRA Hub available at [cra.orcwg.org](http://cra.orcwg.org) is up and running.  
- Focus now on getting the content ready to have a finalised version by FOSDEM.

### Vulnerability handling

- White paper link \- [https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150)   
- Feedback included also links to the FAQs.  
- First draft will be finished in the coming weeks, feedback will be requested to the community.  
- Next meeting will be postponed to the 30th of October and we 

### CRA Expert Group

- Meeting tomorrow  
- Same rules of engagement, so we cannot disclose the documents themselves.  
- We will have the meeting 

### Attestations 

- A series of meetings will be launched   
- Blog post to announce the work  
- GitHub page  
- Code and compliance   
- Devroom proposal for FOSDEM proposed  
- Meetings will start on the 21st of October 16.00   
- Matrix Room to discuss attestations \- [https://matrix.to/\#/\#oss-attestations:fosdem.org](https://matrix.to/#/#oss-attestations:fosdem.org)    
- If anyone wants to share their ideas, reach out to Aeva to discuss the proposal.

### Steering Committee meeting update

- During the last SC meeting it was presented the current status of the membership with 58 members already.  
- The group discussed about the deliverables and what actions should be implemented to improve our effectiveness. It was highlighted the role of editors as key to drive the plan to a successful execution.  
- The CRA expert group was also cover, as a way to understand the guidance the EC is sharing. A meeting has been scheduled to discuss the CRA EG meeting with the ORC community.  
- The SC went through the plan for the Code and Compliance event.

### Code and compliance

- The event will be run as a single track event.  
- We have rooms for meetings to extend discussions happening during the event.  
- If you have not registered and want to attend the event, or if you have any questions about it, please contact us.

