---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document type: Minutes
Status: ⚠️ Draft
Date: 2025-07-21
---

##  Agenda


| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve [previous minutes](#) |  |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last SIG call |  |
|  10 | Steering & Spec Committee updates | [SIG Leads][] |
|  15 | CRA Expert Group updates | [Expert Group Liaisons][] |
|  20 | ESOs updates | [ESO Liaisons][] |
|  25 | Feedback to 1025 [deliverbale-2.8][deliverable-2-8]|  |
|  30 | | |
|  35 | Vulnerability Handling TF update - [White paper](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150)  | Vulnerability Handling TF leads |
|  40 | | |
|  45 | | |
|  50 | Status of the FAQ and inventory| |
|  55 | AOB | |

### Attendees
- Juan Rico (Ecilipse Foundation)  
- Daniel Appelquist (Samsung, OpenSSF Cyber Policy wg)  
- Dirk-Willem van Gulik (Apache Software Foundation)  
- Jakub Zelenka (PHP Foundation)  
- Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)  
- Mathias Schindler (GitHub, Developer Policy)  
- Becky Hepper (Seagate)  
- Marty Haught (Ruby Central)  
- Jeremy Stanley (Spec Committee, OpenInfra Foundation, SPI)  
- Marta Rybczynska (EF)  
- Dave Baker (Red Hat)  
- Tobias Frech (iJUG)  
- Simon Phipps (SWH)  
- Daniel Diegler (Mercedes Benz Tech Innovation)  
- Pierre Pronchery (FreeBSD)  
- Lenny Moskalyk (Drupal Association)  
- Ria


  ## Notes

  ### Approval of the minutes

- Postponed

  ### Pending Actions

- None recorded

  ### Steering and Specification Committee Updates

- The last Steering Committee meeting covered an update on the marketing activities for the second half of the year. The plan includes:  
  - Promotion of deliverables  
  - Participation in events  
  - Speakers kits  
  - Communications  
- There was no Spec Committee meeting.

  ### CRA Expert Group

- We have provided additional information to the previous consultation to go deeper into the concept of fair remuneration.   
- This week there is a meeting of the Risk Management workstrand, we will report in the next SIG meeting about it.

  ### ESO Updates

- Feedback to PT3 is open until 4th of August.  
- The document cannot be disclosed publicly, but we will try to provide the context and the inputs we are working on. We encourage all the members with access to the document to share their concerns so we can highlight those aspects that are critical for the open source community

  ### Feedback to 1025

- It was shared the current proposal  
- There was a comment on the importance of consolidating key concepts in the feedback from the open source community.  
- It was open to get some last minute feedback to be integrated since the consultation period finished that day  
  *NOTE: feedback was submitted and is available [here](https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/better-regulation/have-your-say/initiatives/14511-Standardisation-Regulation-revision/F3581883_en)*  
- It was raised the question about how software can fit better with standardization


  ### Vulnerability Handling Task Force Update

- White paper:  
  - Call for contributors.  
  - Contributions to the current proposal - https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150
  - Next meeting on Thursday 31st of July \- 15.00 CEST \- 13.00 UTC  
- Common dictionary \- coordination to be sure the terms are used properly and consistently.  
- Open source steward vs open source project \- As part of the development of clarifications for the role of open source stewards, it was proposed to work on a simple asset to help differentiate between then and which applies to different cases.

  ### AOB

-  Some updates from OpenSSF land: We published this "brief guide" for OSS developers on the CRA: [https://best.openssf.org/CRA-Brief-Guide-for-OSS-Developers](https://best.openssf.org/CRA-Brief-Guide-for-OSS-Developers)  
- OpenSSF also has started exploring the idea of specifying a COMPLIANCE.md file that would help OSS projects communicate to other actors things like stewardship, topics that are related to CRA compliance.   
- We had a conversation about how to handle the requests for information from manufacturers.  ASF has resources for inbound requests on compliance [https://security.apache.org/blog/data-processing-compliance-statements-and-sla/](https://security.apache.org/blog/data-processing-compliance-statements-and-sla/) and on export control [https://www.apache.org/licenses/exports/](https://www.apache.org/licenses/exports/) 

## Actions for next meeting:

- [ ] Volunteer to contribute to the white paper  
- [ ] Send to the mailing list a proposal for the Common dictionary work.  
- [ ] Send to the mailing list information about the upcoming events.



[SIG Leads]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#leads
[ESO Liaisons]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#cen-cenelec-wg-9
[Expert Group Liaisons]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#cra-expert-group
[deliverable-2-8]:https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/coordination/european-commission/deliverable-2-8.md

  
