---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document type: Minutes
Status: ⚠️ Draft
Date: 2025-09-01
---

##  Agenda


| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/164) | Juan |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last SIG call |  Juan |
|  10 | Update from Steering and Specification Committees| Chairs|
|  15 | CRA Expert Group updates | [Expert Group Liaisons][] |
|  20 | Letter to the ESOs updates and next steps | Juan |
|  25 | Vulnerability Handling TF update - [White paper](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150)  | Vulnerability Handling TF leads |
|  30 | New work item proposal - Glossary | Juan |
|  35 | Status of the FAQ and inventory | Tobie |
|  40 | | |
|  45 | Code & Compliance | Juan |
|  50 | Marketing Updates| Juan |
|  55 | AOB | |


## Attendees:

- Juan Rico (EF)  
- Thierry Carrez (OpenInfra Foundation / LF)  
- Mathias Schindler   
- Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)  
- Jonne Soininen (Nokia)  
- Roman Zhukov (Red Hat)  
- Jakub Zelenka (PHP Foundation)  
- Felix Reda (GitHub)  
- Pierre Pronchery (FreeBSD Foundation)  
- Victor Roland (Obeo)  
- Æva Black  
- Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF))  
- Gerardo Lisboa (ESOP)
- Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen/Eclipse Foundation)

## Notes

### Welcome & approve previous minutes

- Approved and merged

### Pending action items 

- [x] Send to the mailing list a proposal for the Common dictionary work.
   - included as an item in the agenda

### Update from Steering and Specification Committees

- Marketing updates and strategy  
  - Encouraging participation to 
- Letter to the ESOs \
     - This topic has been largely discussed in both committees during the summer and there is a proposal for the letters.

### Letter to the ESOs updates and next steps

- We are rising our concerns about CRA standardization process to both CEN/CENELEC and ETSI. To avoid sound as only complaining, we are proposing also remediation actions.  
- The letter has been developed with the cooperation of Steering and Specification Committees.  
- We’ll be sending a letter to each of them with the European Commission in CC, the only difference is the name of the tools for document sharing used by each institution.

Regarding the letter content:
- Main problems reported:  
  - Limited access to working documents:  
  - Participation barriers due to the operational processes:  
  - Insufficient transparency of open meetings:  
- Proposed Solutions:  
  - Share working drafts with the relevant stakeholders for feedback  
  - Limit synchronous meetings and promote the use of asynchronous tools  
  - Optimize the value of synchronous meetings

Next Steps:
- There will be an email to the mailing list with the links to both letters.  
- We will be gathering support to identify signing entities until September 19th  
- From that point we will start the signing process and share it with both CEN/CENELEC and ETSI

It was also mentioned that this is the first step to try to improve the situation of open source community contributing to the CRA standardization as presented in the standardization request.

### CRA Expert Group updates

- Next CRA Expert Group meeting will be held on the 22nd of October, as planned.  
- There is very little activity during the summer in the different workstrands:  
  - No updates on FOSS guidance  
  - Discussion around guidance on risk assessment
     - we are contributing to clarifying a couple of points, but there is not much about FOSS in the current document.

### Vulnerability Handling TF update \- White paper

- Works continue in the [PR\#150](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150)  
- Volunteers to take from the FAQ to the White paper.

### New work item proposal \- Glossary

- Rationale:   
- CEN/CENELEC is working on a CRA glossary *WG9 PT4*
- Open source is not being included as we would like in the CEN/CENELEC work.  
- Lead an open source glossary developed in the open to contribute it to PT4.  
- We do not redefine terms already defined in the legal text.

- Integrating lessons learned:   
- Same structure as the new approach for the FAQ, a file per definition.  
- Build an editorial team

- Next Steps:  
  - Call for volunteers  
  - Consolidate the work structure \- Collection of terms, definitions …  
  - Inform CEN/CENELEC JTC 13 WG9 about our work and invite them to join.

### Status of the FAQ and inventory

- [FAQ roadmap](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/issues/262) added to CRA Hub rpository and [Deliverables Plan timeline][timeline] updated accordingly 
- Proposed FAQ format will be discussed in FAQ meeting this Friday
- [Inventory timeline][timeline] also updated

  
### Code & Compliance

- The first day 22nd of October will host a colocated event with OFE about standardization  
- After the OFE sessions the conference will focus on CRA standardization.  
- On the 23rd we will be exploring the relationship among Manufacturers, stewards and maintainers.  
- There is room for more workshops as the one planned on attestations.  
- If someone is interested in presenting a topic, please let us know, we have a couple of slots available.

### Marketing Updates

- Vote for the mascot  [here](https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/FC3Y5NT%20)  - Closing on Sept 2nd
- Let us know where you will be presenting ORC activities, we will be supporting with communication and, where possible, swag.

### AOB

- None





[SIG Leads]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#leads
[ESO Liaisons]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#cen-cenelec-wg-9
[Expert Group Liaisons]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#cra-expert-group
timeline: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/deliverables.md#timeline
