 **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Cyber Resilience SIG

###  17 March 2025
##  Agenda
 Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/48) | Juan | 2 |
| Steering & Spec Committee updates:<li>Deliverables Plan approved<li>Cyber Resilience Practices Project in ballot<li>SIG & Project leadership coordination | SIG Leads | 5 |
| Collaboration on BSI and FSFE questionnaire | Michael Schuster & Alexander Sander| 15 | 
| Technical definitions of Important & Critical Product | Tobie | 15 | 
| Collaboration with the EU Commission | Tobie | 5 |
| Task force on advocacy / thought leadership? | Tobie | 5 |
| Task Force updates:<li>FAQ<li>Inventory | Tobie | 5 |
| AOB | | 3 |

