---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document type: Minutes
Status: ✅ Approved
Date: 2025-03-03
Approved: 2025-03-17
---

##  Agenda
 Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Stakeholder Consultation Workshop for CRA Standardization - Stand4CR | Lucia Lanfri (CEN/CENELEC) | 10 |
| Review [working mode](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/37) and approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/32) | Tobie | 5 |
| [SIG scope diagram](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/tobie-deliverables-and-tfs/cyber-resilience-sig/README.md#scope) | Tobie | 5 |
| [Draft deliverables plan](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/tobie-deliverables-and-tfs/cyber-resilience-sig/README.md#deliverables) | Tobie | 15 |
| [Task force creation](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/tobie-deliverables-and-tfs/cyber-resilience-sig/README.md#task-forces) | Tobie | 10 |
| FAQ Task Force | Tobie & All | 5 |
| Inventory Task Force | Maxim & Tobie | 5 |
| AOB | | 5 |

## Attendees

* Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)  
* Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen/Eclipse Foundation)  
* Daniel Thompson (Tauri / Commons Conservancy)  
* Seth Larson (Python Software Foundation)  
* Timo Perälä (Nokia)  
* Jonne Soininen (Nokia)  
* Roman Zhukov (Red Hat)  
* Jan Westerkamp (iJUG)  
* Marty Haught (Ruby Central)  
* Andrew Katz (Orcro Limited/Bristows LLP)  
* Dick Brooks (Business Cyber Guardian)  
* Maxim Baele, (OWASP)  
* Olle E. Johansson (Edvina/OWASP)  
* Jeremy Stanley (Spec Committee, OpenInfra, SPI)  
* Victor Roland (OBEO)  
* Anne Dickison (FreeBSD Foundation)  
* Vicky Risk (ISC)  
* Alistair Woodman (EEF)  
* Daniel Dilger (Mercedes-Benz Tech Innovation)  
* Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)  
* Simon Phipps (SWH)  
* Dirk-Willem van Gulik (Apache Software Foundation)  
* Thierry Carrez (OpenInfra Foundation)  
* Seth Larson  
* Ria Ferrel Schalnat  
* Pierre Pochery (FreeBSD Foundation)  
* Lucia Lanfri (CEN/CENELEC)  
* Alberto Pianon (Array)


## Minutes

### Stakeholder consultation workshop for CRA Standardization

Lucia Lanfri from CEN/CENELEC presented two opportunities aligned with the areas ORC WG is addressing:
- Rapporteur position open for PT3 \- reach out to Lucia if there is interest.  
- Stan4CR \- Stakeholder consultation workshop  
  - Webinar next week  
  - Workshop 8th of April in Copenhagen objectives:  
    - Vulnerability handling  
    - Lines 1 and 15 of the Standardization request  
    - Identification of gaps in WG9  
  - No public minutes available  
  - Tobie will participate and then share outcomes with the WG.
  - [Lucia's Presentation STAN4CR](./2025-03-03-cencenelec-STAN4CR.pdf)

### **Working mode document** 
[https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/37](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/37)

* People to review so we can have a formal way of contributing to agendas and minutes.  
* As soon as it is approved the working mode will be evolved.  
* Comments in the pull request.

Approval of the minutes \- [https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/32](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/32)

* Approved and merged

### SIG Scope  
[Ref pull request to discuss](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/tobie-deliverables-and-tfs/cyber-resilience-sig/README.md) 

- The intention of the diagram is to show the different roles and create the context in which SIG work will be happening.
- It is the result of a trade-off between accuracy and clarity, but it is possible to create more diagrams if needed.
- Focus on activities instead of liability to assist in the process.  
- It is highlighted that the relationship between manufacturers and stewards is a topic that requires more granularity.

> Community to contribute to the discussion [https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/42](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/42)

### **Deliverable plan**
  
- 2 categories of deliverables:**  
  - CC\_By4.0 \- Documentation  
  - Specs \- need to be approved by the Specification Committee  
- Specification project will be shared in the general for open discussion
- Tasks force for FAQ and Inventory to simplify contributing and organizing the job
- Cyber Resilience Practices 

- Vulnerability spec to be approved \- To be socialized before
- Final version of the [Deliverable plan](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#deliverables)

It was pointed out that ENISA needs help with vulnerability handling and databases, so they may be an input too for some of the deliverables proposed in the table. Additionally, ENISA accepts individuals joining as experts for the ongoing work and it was proposed the possibility of building a link with ENISA.

- [ENISA Tender for the platform vulnerability spec](https://enisa.europa.eu/procurement/implementation-of-the-single-reporting-platform) \- [EC Funding and Tenders portal](https://ec.europa.eu/info/funding-tenders/opportunities/portal/screen/opportunities/tender-details/46439658-5635-4465-ae7d-0a40e6e8e546-PIN?isExactMatch=true&status=31094501,31094502&order=DESC&pageNumber=1&pageSize=10&sortBy=startDate)   

### FAQ Task Force and Inventory Task Force 
- These two points were not covered during the call due to lack of time.
