---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document type: Minutes
Status: üóìÔ∏è Proposed agenda
Date: 2025-09-15
---

##  Agenda


| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/170) | Juan |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last SIG call |  Juan |
|  10 | Update on WG staff | Juan |
|  15 | 
|  20 | Update from Steering Committees| Chairs|
|  25 | Vulnerability Handling TF update - PT3 +  [White paper](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150)  | Vulnerability Handling TF leads |
|  30 | | |
|  35 | Glossary proposal [here](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/blob/jrico-eclipse-glossary/Glossary/cra-open-source-terms.md)| Juan |
|  40 | Status of the FAQ and inventory | Tobie |
|  45 |  | ¬†|
|  50 | Code & Compliance + Marketing Update | Shanda + Juan |
|  55 | AOB | |

### Pending actions from the previous meeting
- [x] Share the letters to ESOs in the WG mailing list
- [x] Send a proposal for the Glossary work
