---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document type: Minutes
Status: ✅ Approved
Date: 2025-05-26
Approved: 2025-06-09
---

##  Agenda
| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/94) | Tobie |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last SIG call | Tobie |
|  10 | Steering & Spec Committee updates | [SIG Leads][] |
|  15 | | |
|  20 | CRA Expert Group updates | [Expert Group Liaisons][] |
|  25 | - Open source projects type white paper outline ([#240](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/240)) | |
|  30 | ESOs updates | [ESO Liaisons][] |
|  35 | - Vulnerability management TF & [Deliverable 2.2](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/coordination/cen-cenelec-wg-9/contribution-pt-3-clause-4-4.md) | |
|  40 | Resource Inventory update ([#228](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/228)) | Inventory TF leads |
|  45 | BSI / FSFE questionnaire update | Tobie |
|  50 | FAQ TF update | FAQ TF leads |
|  55 | AOB | |

## Attendees

* Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen/Eclipse Foundation)  
* Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)  
* Jakub Zelenka (The PHP Foundation)  
* Dick Brooks (Business Cyber Guardian)  
* Pierre Pronchery (FreeBSD Foundation)  
* Æva Black (Independent)  
* Roman Zhukov (Red Hat)  
* Tabea Uthmann (XOR)  
* Adrian OSullivan (Huawei)  
* Friedrich Vandenberghe (imec)  
* Shanda Giacomoni (Eclipse Foundation)  
* Jeremy Stanley (Spec Ctte, OpenInfra Foundation, SPI)  
* Marta Rybczynska (Eclipse Foundation)  
* Timo Perälä (Nokia)  
* Hermann Seuschek (Siemens AG)  
* Daniel Thompson-Yvetot (Tauri)  
* Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF))  
* Henry Haverinen (Cyberismo)  
* Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)  
* Dirk-Willem van Gulik (ASF) *\-- arrived late*
 


## Minutes

### Welcome & approve previous minutes

* [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/94) were approved with the comments received in the PR included.

### Pending action items from last SIG call

- [X] figure out how to manage non-institutional liaisons e.g. OpenSSF: *should be done by WG member*  
  * Add info to SIG along those lines. Liaisons can open a pull request to add themselves to it.
- [X] organize PT3 discussion call: *create dedicated task force*  
- [X] support PT3 liaisons in providing input to open source software steward section of spec: [*Deliverable 2.2*](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/coordination/cen-cenelec-wg-9/contribution-pt-3-clause-4-4.md)  
- [ ] open PR to add statements on CVEs to deliverables plan & get SIG started on this.  
  * Still valuable. Tobie to follow-up  
- [X] chase BSI / FSFE questionnaire update: *questionnaire now ready to be organized. Are there still volunteers?*

### Steering & Spec Committee updates

* CRA expert group prep  
* How can we improve coordination and community involvement in the ESOs  
* Main concern is not having access to the actual text

### CRA Expert Group updates

* Open source projects type white paper outline ([\#240](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/240))  
* Plenary in Brussels next week  
  * Juan and Tobie will be present  
* Open source workstrand moving forward  
  * Ask when the guidance will be public and whether they’ll be a public consultation on it before it is final  
  * Guidance looking good for now and comments from the open source community are taken into consideration

### ESOs updates

* Any comments on the email Tobie sent this morning?  
  * Helpful for folks in the know  
  * Also helpful for folks who aren’t in the know  
* Vulnerability management TF & Deliverable 2.2  
  * Tobie will open pull request for task force and share it on the mailing list  
  * Initial member list (name / github handle)  
    * Aeva Black / AevaOnline   
    * Dick Brooks (Business Cyber Guardian)/rjb4standards  
    * Marta Rybczynska / @mrybczyn  
    * Timo Perälä / @timop62  
    * Jeremy Stanley / fungi  

### Resource Inventory update

* [\#228](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/228)  
* Delayed due to request for a more opinionated comment in each section about whether existing document worked or didn’t

### BSI / FSFE questionnaire update 

* Volunteers to help structure the questionnaire:  
  * Roman Zhukov / @rozhukov  
  * Daniel Thompson-Yvetot / denjell-crabnebula  
  * Marta Rybczynska / @mrybczyn   
* Tobie to start email thread with Michael from BSI

### FAQ TF update

* Tobie reported on discussion about sourcing in FAQ and TF decision on this topic

### AOB

* Remember that the CRA Monday this week is on Zoom in order to make sure the recording doesn’t fail.  
* We’re still committed to find an open source solution for this, but don’t want to risk losing a session’s recording again.


[SIG Leads]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#leads
[ESO Liaisons]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#cen-cenelec-wg-9
[Expert Group Liaisons]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#cra-expert-group

  
