---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document type: Minutes
Status: ✅ Approved
Date: 2025-11-24
---

##  Agenda


| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/212) | Juan |
|   5 | Report from the Specification Committee meeting | SC chairs |
|  10 |  | |
|  15 | CRA Expert Group | Juan | 
|  20 | Vulnerability Handling TF update +  Open Source Stewards White paper | Vulnerability Handling TF leads |
|  25 | 
|  30 | Status of the FAQ and inventory | Tobie |
|  35 | 
|  40 | Voluntary Attestations | Æva| 
|  45 | 
|  50 | Code & Compliance + Marketing Update | Shanda |
|  55 | AOB | |

## Participants
   
- Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Shanda Giacomoni (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Jeremy Stanley (ORC Spec Committee, OpenInfra Foundation, SPI Inc)  
- Æva Black (Null Point Studio)  
- Timo Perälä (Nokia)  
- Seth Larson (Python Software Foundation)  
- Pierre Pronchery (FreeBSD Foundation)  
- Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF))  
- Jakub Zelenka (PHP Foundation)  
- Daniel Appelquist (Samsung / OpenSSF Cyber Policy wg)  
- Jordan Maris (OSI)  
- Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen)  
- Ria Farrell Schalnat (HPE)  
- Mathias Schindler (GitHub)  
- Simon Phipps (SWH; ORC Spec Cttee Chair; OSI)  
- Dirk-Willem van Gulik (ASF, last 12 minutes, apologie)

## Notes

### Welcome & approve previous minutes

- Approved will be merged after the meeting

### Report from the Specification Committee meeting

- Considering applicability of “specification committee” roles to this WG  
- Proposing that the core work item will be the “body of knowledge” accumulated in the WG  
- This will comprise and inform short-term deliverables (e.g. review guide for CEN JTC 13 WG 9 TC1) plus long \-term deliverables (FAQ, Stewards handbook etc)  
- While not strictly “specifications” future publications in ORC’s name will be advised to the Spec Committee before publication

### CRA Expert Group

- Remote data processing  
  - [https://cra.orcwg.org/faq/remote-processing/](https://cra.orcwg.org/faq/remote-processing/)   
- Interplay CRA and AI Act  
  - Waiting for information \- first meeting happening this Wednesday.

### Vulnerability Handling TF update \+ Open Source Stewards White paper

- Comments via PRs directly in Github \- [https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3Avulnerability-handling-tf](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3Avulnerability-handling-tf) 

### Status of the FAQ and inventory

- The call is tomorrow 15:30 CET \- 14:30 UTC \- New time  
- Website is mostly completed for v1.  
- Focusing on the content, join the calls to discuss it.

### Voluntary Attestations

- Meeting last week  
- [https://github.com/orcwg/cra-attestations/pull/11/files?short\_path=6a11df2\#diff-6a11df22716b0b44df73945e19b4f761d9d14e137cd8a17d886e366d1a3abc91](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-attestations/pull/11/files?short_path=6a11df2#diff-6a11df22716b0b44df73945e19b4f761d9d14e137cd8a17d886e366d1a3abc91)   
- Comment and open PR   
- Many questions  
- Current version  
  - How attestations could work for a part of the ecosystem  
  - Example template   
- Still Work In Progress  
- Presentation during FOSDEM \- Volunteers are welcome

### Code & Compliance \+ Marketing Update

- [https://www.eclipse-foundation.events/event/code-compliance-2026/CfP](https://www.eclipse-foundation.events/event/code-compliance-2026/CfP)  
- OCC \- Compliance   
- CRA Mondays \- 

### AOB

- CFP for FOSDEM **CRA In Practice Devroom**  is closing in 1 week \- deadline is 1st December 2025  
  - We would love to see your ideas/proposals \- anything related to practical angle of the future CRA implementation, by all ecosystem players  
  - We’re thinking about the panel \- what topic/people you would like to see on it?  
    - One idea \- get OSS maintainers and hear their CRA plans, concerns, ideas  
  - Submit here: [https://pretalx.fosdem.org/fosdem-2026/cfp](https://pretalx.fosdem.org/fosdem-2026/cfp)  
  - Instructions: [https://lists.fosdem.org/pipermail/fosdem/2025q4/003697.html](https://lists.fosdem.org/pipermail/fosdem/2025q4/003697.html)  
  -  Important Dates:  
    - CfP closes: 1st December 2025 (23:59 UTC)
    - Notification of acceptance: mid-December 2025
    - CRA In Practice Devroom at FOSDEM 2026: Saturday, 31st January 2026, Brussels, Belgium

- Also CfP for the **main FOSDEM EU Policy Devroom on Sunday**  
  - Same deadlines; we will be deciding the likely structure soon too  
  - See [https://softwarefreedom.net/fosdem-2026-cfp](https://softwarefreedom.net/fosdem-2026-cfp)

- Also commenting is still open for CRA vertical standards [https://pad.softwarefreedom.net/pad/\#/2/pad/view/uJAiNHWU7XUlErGMwS9Z2OzStjlXZqMSnD+zJ2Y7unI/embed/](https://pad.softwarefreedom.net/pad/#/2/pad/view/uJAiNHWU7XUlErGMwS9Z2OzStjlXZqMSnD+zJ2Y7unI/embed/)  
- Also commenting is still open for CRA horizontal standards [https://pad.softwarefreedom.net/pad/\#/2/pad/view/rnmTsKqw555zO0ukEvWWhgdthlI7b5mxGUqZE3pTSYg/embed/](https://pad.softwarefreedom.net/pad/#/2/pad/view/rnmTsKqw555zO0ukEvWWhgdthlI7b5mxGUqZE3pTSYg/embed/)


