---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document type: Minutes
Status: ⚠️ Draft
Date: 2025-11-10
---

##  Agenda


| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/198) | Juan |
|   5 | Report from the Steering Committee meeting | SC chairs |
|  10 |  | |
|  15 | CRA Expert Group | Juan/Ciarán | 
|  20 | Vulnerability Handling TF update +  [White paper](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150)  | Vulnerability Handling TF leads |
|  25 | 
|  30 | Status of the FAQ and inventory | Tobie |
|  35 | 
|  40 | Voluntary Attestations | Æva| 
|  45 | 
|  50 | Code & Compliance + Marketing Update | Shanda |
|  55 | AOB | |

## Participants

- Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Olle E. Johansson (OWASP/Edvina)  
- Shanda Giacomoni (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Jeremy Stanley (Spec Committee, OpenInfra Foundation, SPI)  
- Tobias Frech (iJUG)  
- Mathias Schindler (GitHub)  
- Marta Rybczynska (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Æva Black (NullPoint Studio)  
- Dirk-Willem van Gulik (Apache Software Foundation, (ASF))  
- Dick Brooks, Business Cyber Guardian  
- Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)  
- Timo Perälä (Nokia)  
- Victor Roland (Obeo)  
- Elizabeth Mattijsen (Raku Foundation)  
- Seth Larson (Python Software Foundation)  
- Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen)

## Notes

### Approve Minutes

- Minutes from the previous meeting were approved.

CRA Expert group 

- Second Draft FOSS Guidance from the commission. Most of the inputs provided made it to the current version. We have provided also feedback to the second iteration too.
- Remote data processing guidance document: looks like everything will be in scope. The document will be used to create FAQs, since it is well written and easy to follow.
- No clue on next steps, but the next CRA EG meeting is planned teaon Feb 12\.

### Steering Committee meeting

- WG SC is working on developing the Program Plan  
- There are still a few things that need to be clarified  
- Similar to the one that we had in 2025\.

### Vulnerability handling TF

- White paper \- under community review  
  - The unified text of the white paper is:  
  - [https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/whitepapers/stewards-and-cra.md](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/whitepapers/stewards-and-cra.md)  
  - There are already discussion ongoing on various topics:  
    - [Whitepaper: additional clarifications on the Security Policy](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/209) \- on the content of the Security Policy  
    - [Whitepaper: more discussion on CSIRTs](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/208) \- on the definition of the CSIRT for a given Steward  
    - [Whitepaper: spelling fixes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/207) \- the place for fixes of typos et al  
    - [Whitepaper: clarify conflict resolution between reporters and developers](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/206) \- what to do when the Project and reporters do not agree  
    - [Whitepaper: clarify the Project-Steward relations](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/205) \- clarify all types of relations between Projects and Stewards we know, and how to apply the CRA rules in each case  
- Share your feedback 

### FAQ and Inventory

- Moving the FAQ meeting \- alternance to the attestation meeting to facilitate the participation since Friday was quite challenging with multiple overlaps.  
- Contributions to the website are already happening by volunteers.  
- If you want to contribute to the content, join the TF calls or do it through GitHub.

### Voluntary Attestations

- [https://github.com/orcwg/cra-attestations/blob/main/minutes/2025-11-04-mom-cra-attestations.md](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-attestations/blob/main/minutes/2025-11-04-mom-cra-attestations.md)   
- Consolidation of the feedback from the workshop  
- Share notes if you have  
- Events \-  
- Meeting moved to 30 min earlier to accommodate   
- Actions  
  - Clarity for non profit organisations and attestations.  
- Help welcome to consolidate the challenges from the workshop in the attestation repository.

### Marketing and events

- 3 ORC-hosted events for 2026  
  - Code & Compliance FOSDEM Edition   
    - Submit your talks\!   
    - [https://www.eclipse-foundation.events/event/code-compliance-2026/summary](https://www.eclipse-foundation.events/event/code-compliance-2026/summary)   
  - OCX  
    - 3 days  
    - CfP open and closing  
    - [https://www.ocxconf.org/event/2026/open-community-for-compliance](https://www.ocxconf.org/event/2026/open-community-for-compliance)   
  - Code & Compliance Fall event  
  

### AOB

- **Reaching out to local CRA authorities (OEJ)**  
  - Standard feedback (CEN/CENELEC)  
    - Post to get access to the commenting process at the national level \- Share with the community by email.  
    - An effective way to get our comments arrive at the WG9 desk.  
  - Local regulation etc.  
  - **Question: Do we need to work on a plan for reaching out to local authorities**  
    - How to reach out  
    - Messages we want to communicate  
    - Give Open Source and place around the local tables  
    - National CSIRTs  
  - **Question: How do we coordinate feedback to national standardisation** (CEN/CENELEC)t  
- CRA Monday today \- OSS provenance and code signing with Stefan Wenig from Sign Path Foundation  
- [BSI SSL-OSS](https://www.bsi.bund.de/SharedDocs/Downloads/EN/BSI/Publications/TechGuidelines/TR03185/BSI-TR-03185-2.html) Good to check \- mail to be shipped to the community about it  
- Nokia volunteering to start the due-diligence work
