---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document type: Minutes
Status: ⚠️ Draft
Date: 2025-12-08
---

##  Agenda


| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/218) | Juan |
|   5 | Report from the Steering Committee meeting | SC chairs |
|  10 |  | |
|  15 | CRA Expert Group | Juan | 
|  20 | Due diligence | Timo |
|  25 | ||
|  30 | Status of the FAQ and inventory | Tobie |
|  35 | Vulnerability Handling TF update +  Open Source Stewards White paper | Vulnerability Handling TF leads |
|  40 | Voluntary Attestations | Æva| 
|  45 | Code & Compliance + Marketing Update | Shanda |
|  50 | ||
|  55 | AOB | |

## Participants

- Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Tobias Frech (iJUG)  
- Ciaran O’Riordan, Eclipse  
- Victor ROLAND (Obeo)  
- Olle E. Johansson (Edvina/ORCWG/OWASP)  
- Jeremy Stanley (ORC Spec Committee, OpenInfra Foundation, SPI Inc)  
- Æva Black (NullPoint Studio)  
- Dirk-Willem van Gulik (ASF)  
- Shanda Giacomoni (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Timo Perälä (Nokia)  
- Tobie Langel (Unlockopen)  
- Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)  
- Dick Brooks (Business Cyber Guardian)  
- Roman Zhukov (Red Hat)  
- Mathias Schindler (GitHub)

## Notes

### Welcome & approve previous minutes

* Minutes approved will be merged after the call

### Report from the Steering Committee meeting

* Summary of the last call by the chair:  
  * Approved program plan for 2026  
  * Monitoring of the execution of the Program Plan and targets sets (on a quarterly basis)  
  * Program Plan approved will be available for everyone to check.  
  * Financial plan \- funds secure for 2026  
  * Marketing plan and Code and Compliance  introduced.  
* Please let EF know if you have any potential good contributors who can become a member of the WG.

### CRA Expert Group

* Discussion: Interplay between CRA and AI act  
* Info: Commission published CRA FAQ, which Tobie integrated quickly into ORCWG FAQ  
* The EC has launched a website to support CRA Implementation \- [https://digital-strategy.ec.europa.eu/en/factpages/cyber-resilience-act-implementation](https://digital-strategy.ec.europa.eu/en/factpages/cyber-resilience-act-implementation)   
* EC Webinar here  \- [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRLWcU\_Yx18](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRLWcU_Yx18) 

### Due diligence

* [Due Diligence initial proposal](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/224)   
  * ToC available  
  * Feedback and editions requested to the community  
  * [https://cra.orcwg.org/faq/official/manufacturers/due-diligence/](https://cra.orcwg.org/faq/official/manufacturers/due-diligence/)  
  * [https://cra.orcwg.org/faq/remote-processing/](https://cra.orcwg.org/faq/remote-processing/)  
* Propose to be merged in main and comment directly when contributing to the doc.  
* OEJ: Maybe align with NIS2 due diligence (not a request, but worth looking into)  
* OEJ: Need a Github label for “Due Diligence” issues and PRs  
* Propsal to create a TF on Due diligence.

### Status of the FAQ and inventory

* FAQs on Remote Data Processing here: [https://cra.orcwg.org/faq/remote-processing/](https://cra.orcwg.org/faq/remote-processing/)  
* Integrated official FAQs into website: [https://cra.orcwg.org/faq/official/](https://cra.orcwg.org/faq/official/)  
  * Starting to cross-reference existing GH issues into it, for example: [https://cra.orcwg.org/faq/official/faq\_3-2/](https://cra.orcwg.org/faq/official/faq_3-2/) and [https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/issues/193\#issuecomment-3626534268](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/issues/193#issuecomment-3626534268)  
  * Started to integrate the official FAQs into the existing FAQs, e.g.: [https://cra.orcwg.org/faq/standards/](https://cra.orcwg.org/faq/standards/) and [https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/blob/main/faq/standards/README.yml](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/blob/main/faq/standards/README.yml)  
* No FAQ TF call tomorrow (travelling for OSXP)  
* At OSXP Paris Wed 10 & Thur 11\. Free entry. (Schedule: [https://www.opensource-experience.com/en/event/](https://www.opensource-experience.com/en/event/)), running the cybersecurity track.  
* Will do an AMA on the CRA on Thursday December 11 at 05:00 pm  
* No update on the inventory

### Vulnerability Handling TF update \+ Open Source Stewards White paper

* All PRs addressed, preparing the final version to get Steering Committee approval.  
* Next steps will be planned in the coming weeks.

### Voluntary Attestations

* AB: Thank you to all contributors\!  
* Connect to the discussions are happening now in the TF  
* Three proposals to FOSDEM dev rooms

### Code & Compliance \+ Marketing Update

* Marketing plan follows other plans from the Steering Committee  
* Trying a two-tier approach \- Supporter ticket at 129 Euro, regular ticket at 20 Euro  
  * Shanda: Pick whatever ticket works for you  
* Voting for our mascot is open at [https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/Y8KVJ3B](https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/Y8KVJ3B)  
  * Name will be announced at C\&C  
* No CRA Monday today, restart Jan 19th  
  * Full [list on Youtube](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLy7t4z5SYNaT-DjqGR0ORSSZGZYW8qmRs&si=4e0EMXDxBzGpTIXf) for holiday fun with the family\!

### AOB

- GVIP Summit Jan 28th   
  - Focusing on vulnerabilities  
  - Info coming very soon  
  - Funded by the Sovereign Tech Agency  
  - Co-organised with ORCWG and other organisations
  - Olle will be sharing more information soon.

- Olle shared OpenSSF OSV2.0 initiative
  - Google contributed OSV system to openSSF, and it is the beginning.  
  - There will be a new Foundation to work on this.  
  - Presentation available \- [https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/jrico-eclipse-patch-12/cyber-resilience-sig/task-forces/vulnerability-handling-tf/supporting-materials/2025-12-04-lf-oss-vuln-db-program.pdf](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/jrico-eclipse-patch-12/cyber-resilience-sig/task-forces/vulnerability-handling-tf/supporting-materials/2025-12-04-lf-oss-vuln-db-program.pdf) 


- Roman shared the [OpenSSF CRA Community questions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sv7fY-E-2jwEGi55V7WYXzCe9sAq7zlib0grzJEBKAE/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.xsobqd24ilq4) 
  - It was proposed to check content and contribute/integrate as input if needed.
  - License is CC-BY 4.0

