---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document type: Minutes
Status: ✅ Approved
Date: 2025-05-12
Approved: 2025-05-26
---

##  Agenda
| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/92) | Tobie |
|   5 | Steering & Spec Committee updates | SIG Leads |
|  10 | Keeping liaisons organized ([#91](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/91)) | Tobie |
|  15 | ESOs updates | liaisons |
|  20 | CRA Expert Group updates | liaisons |
|  25 | FAQ TF update | FAQ TF leads |
|  30 | Resource Inventory nearly ready for release ([#228](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/228)) | Inventory TF leads |
|  40 | White paper on types of open source projects ([#93](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/93)) | Tobie |
|  50 | Statement on CVEs | Tobie |
|  55 | BSI / FSFE questionnaire update | Tobie |
|  56 | AOB | |


## Attendees
 
* Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen/ Eclipse Foundation)  
* Daniel Thompson-Yvetot (Tauri)  
* Jakub Zelenka (The PHP Foundation)  
* Daniel Appelquist (Samsung, OpenSSF  
* Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF))  
* Mathias Schindler (GitHub)  
* Simon Phipps (SWH; OSI)  
* Timo Perälä (Nokia)  
* Roman Zhukov (Red Hat)  
* Marty Haught (Ruby Central)  
* Juan Rico (EF)  
* Dirk-Willem van Gulik (ASF)  
* Shanda Giacomoni (Eclipse Foundation)  
* CRob (OpenSSF)  
* Marta Rybczynska (Eclipse Foundation)  
* Becky Hepper (Seagate Technology)  
* Jan Westerkamp (iJUG)  
* Maxim Baele (OWASP)  
* Aeva Black  
* Jeremy Stanley (Spec Committee, OpenInfra Foundation, SPI)  
* Lars Francke (Stackable)  

## Notes

### Welcome & approve previous minutes:

* https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/92
* No objection to merge  

### Steering & Spec Committee updates  

* No meetings since last SIG Call

### Keeping liaisons organized

* Shared pulled request [#91](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/91)   
* Asks:  
    * Review the PR and approve it  
    * Add your name to the PR if you’re involved with any of these groups  
    * Please volunteer as a liaison, we will support you  
  * Tobie to figure out how to do non-institutional liaisons e.g. OpenSSF  

### ESOs updates

#### ETSI update

* About 18 work items  
* About half of which are still in the process of being turned into actual work items  
* Might be grouped in a number of larger groups (4-5: e.g. operating systems will include bootloaders, etc.)  
* Inken representing Debian  
  * Operating Systems  
  * Boot Loader  
  * etc.
* Gabriel representing XCP-ng (Xen) project focused on Hypervisors
* Waiting for names of most rapporteurs  
* One group of open source consultants have won on a rapporteur contract  
* Simon has stood for vice-chair of EUSR  
  * One candidate for each seat (Chair, 2x Vice Chair); vote June 11  
  * Most advanced WI at present: PKI  
  * Looking for folks who are familiar with the network stack to get involved  

#### CEN/CENELEC PT3 
* Vulnerability management spec  
* Spec is making progress  
* Mostly based on ISO 29147 and ISO/IEC 30111 (on vuln handling)
* Might provide presumption of conformity  
* PT now has a rapporteur, as a result org is changing  
* 2x 2h meetings per week  
* No surprises so far  
* Lars, Timo, Arnouf (from ASF) are writing the section on open source stewards: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ERHsVmER9Bc4pgDJjMZJyWWekJn7PEMfFSJqDTItVEI/edit?tab=t.0   
* What is the section on open source stewards for?  
  * Open section  
  * Standards are not strictly meant for stewards themselves (so mostly informative)  
  * Received guidance from the WG9 chair on this section:  
    * This is an informative chapter (that’s good!)  
    * Provide guidance and concepts for chapter 5
    * Provide clarity as to whom is in scope for the standard (between manufacturer and stewards)  
    * Don’t repro content from the CRA  
    * The shorter the explanation, the better off we are (keep it high level and simplistic)  
    * Due next Wednesday
    * Should move to GitHub before then	  
  * Tobie to organize PT3 discussion call  

#### CRA Expert Group updates  

* Agenda for next meeting is now public  
* https://ec.europa.eu/transparency/expert-groups-register/core/api/front/document/117450/download  

### FAQ TF update

* No update  
* Meeting on Friday

### Resource Inventory nearly ready for release

* Pull request [#228](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/228))
* Missing a few comments and moatly ready to go.
* Folks reviewing the PR will help

### White paper on types of open source projects

* Pull request [#93](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/93)
* As discussed in slack
* Please review and comment on PR

### Statement on CVEs

* As discussed in the mailing list
* Tobie will create PR modelled aftere the PR on open source projects mentioned above

### BSI / FSFE questionnaire update

* No updates.
* Tobie to chase.

### AOBs

* CEN/CENELEC / ETSI organizing joint meeting next Monday
* Deadline for registration is tomorrow
* Details will be shared on the mailing list
  
