---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document type: Minutes
Status: ✅ Approved
Date: 2025-03-17
Approved: 2025-03-31
---

##  Agenda

 Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/48) | Juan | 2 |
| Steering & Spec Committee updates:<li>Deliverables Plan approved<li>Cyber Resilience Practices Project in ballot<li>[SIG & Project leadership coordination](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/55) | SIG Leads | 5 |
| [Collaboration on BSI and FSFE questionnaire](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/tree/tobie-questionnaires/questionnaires#questionnaire-for-open-source-and-manufacturers) ([Related pull request](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/168)) | Michael Schuster & Alexander Sander| 15 | 
| [Technical definitions of Important & Critical Product](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/blob/tobie-prod-reg/product-definitions/README.md#current-consultations) ([Related pull request](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/164))| Tobie | 15 | 
| Collaboration with the EU Commission | Tobie | 5 |
| Task force on advocacy / thought leadership? | Tobie | 5 |
| Task Force updates:<li>[FAQ](https://github.com/orgs/orcwg/projects/7)<li>Inventory | Tobie | 5 |
| AOB | | 3 |

## Attendees
 
* Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen / Eclipse Foundation  
* Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)  
* Daniel Thompson  (Tauri / Commons Conservancy)  
* Jan Weszerkamp (iJUG)  
* Dirk-Willem van Gulik (Apache Software Foundation)  
* Mathias Schindler (GitHub)  
* Marta Rybczynska (Eclipse Foundation)  
* Agustín Benito (SCANOSS)  
* Tobias Frech (iJUG)  
* Jakub Zelenka (The PHP Foundation)  
* Vicky Risk, (ISC)  
* Timo Perälä (Nokia)  
* Jeremy Stanley (Spec Committee, OpenInfra, SPI)  
* Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)  
* Alberto Pianon (Array)  
* Simon Phipps (SWH)  
* Olle E. Johansson, Edvina AB, Sweden (OWASP)  
* Dick Brooks (BCG)  
* Felix Reda (GitHub)  
* Fukami (OpenSSF)  
* Hendrik Ebbers (OpenElements)  
* Jordan Maris (OSI)  
* Marty Haught (Ruby Central)  
* Michael Schuster (BSI)  
* Sal Kimmich  
* Seth Larson


## Minutes

### Approve previous minutes

* [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/48)  
* Approved

### Steering & Spec Committee updates

* Deliverables Plan approved  
* Cyber Resilience Practices Project in ballot  
  * Ballot in process  
* [SIG & Project leadership coordination](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/55)  
  * PR will be merged by tomorrow unless objection  
* Deliverables plan approved by the Steering Committee.  
* Leadership group consolidated to simplify:  
  * SIG leadership \- Chair and Co-Chair of the Steering Committee and the Chair of the Specification Committee

### Collaboration on BSI (Bundesamtes für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik) and FSFE questionnaire

* Michael Schuster & Alexander Sander  
* Focus is more on civil society, but includes additional stakeholders  
* [Proposal](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/tree/tobie-questionnaires/questionnaires#questionnaire-for-open-source-and-manufacturers)  
* [Related pull request](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/168)  
  * They need feedback on the survey by the week of March 28th, plan to meet to finalize it the following week.  
  * The expected outcome from the survey is not only answers but also new questions to provide guidance.  
  * Common effort aligning this survey with the FAQ, and consulting them to the CRA Expert Group and the EC as a potential way forward.

### Technical definitions of Important & Critical Products

* [Proposal](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/blob/tobie-prod-reg/product-definitions/README.md#current-consultations)  
* [Related pull request](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/164)  
* It was presented the methodology to work on the proposal, submitting comments via pull request.  
* As a note: The definitions could be amended by other European laws, not only the CRA.

### Collaboration with the EU Commission

* Presented to the EC the Deliverable Plan with positive feedback.  
* It was suggested to have a joint brainstorming as each deliverable is started, and when the first draft is ready.  
* It is necessary to create an explainer for each deliverable to present them to ETSI and CEN/CENELEC \- simplifying people to understand the work we are doing.  
* **EXPLAINER** concept \- high level description of 1 page describing what the next piece of work will look like.

### Task force on advocacy / thought leadership?

* [Related issue](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/issues/52#issuecomment-2723901813)  
* Usage of the potential fines \- propose to take that money back to the open source community by setting a Soverign tech fund.  
* Public access to the aggregated SBOMs \- [https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/issues/52\#issuecomment-2723901813](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/issues/52#issuecomment-2723901813)   
* People interested to reach out either in the issues, slack or any other mean

### Task Force updates

* [FAQ](https://github.com/orgs/orcwg/projects/7)  
* Inventory
* No progress on this area in the last two weeks.

### AOB

* Proposal: Add a standing point “Reports from other projects and organisations” where we get VERY SHORT updates and pointers to more information
