---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document type: Minutes
Status: ✅ Approved
Date: 2025-04-28
Approved: 2025-05-12
---

##  Agenda
 Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approve [previous](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/62) [minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/66) | Tobie | 2 |
| Steering & Spec Committee updates | SIG Leads | 5 |
| Product definitions update | Tobie | 5 |
| BSI / FSFE questionnaire update | Tobie | 3 |
| ESOs updates | liaisons | 5 |
| CRA Expert Group updates | liaisons | 5 |
| Keeping liaisons organized | Tobie | 5 |
| White paper on types of open source projects | Tobie | 5 |
| Deliverables Plan | Tobie | 20 |
| AOB | | 5 |

## Attendees
 
- Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen/Eclipse)
- Timo Perälä (Nokia)
- Mathias Schindler (GitHub)
- Olle E. Johansson (Edvina / OWASP )
- Dick Brooks (Business Cyber Guardian)
- Aeva Black
- Jakub Zelenka (The PHP Foundation)
- Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF)
- Thierry Carrez (OpenInfra Foundation)
- Daniel Appelquist (Samsung / OpenSSF Cybersecurity Policy wg)
- fukami (OpenSSF)
- Pierre Pronchery (FreeBSD Foundation)
- August Bournique (Law Office of August Bournique/Bowshock Consulting)
- Maxim Baele (OWASP)
- Dirk-Willem van Gulik (ASF)
- Ruth Suehle (ASF)
- Shanda Giacomoni (Eclipse Foundation)
- Marta Rybczynska (Eclipse Foundation)
- Roman Zhukov (Red Hat)
- Marty Haught (Ruby Central)
- Jeremy Stanley (Spec Committee, OpenInfra Foundation, SPI)
- Daniel Thompson-Yvetot (Tauri)




## Minutes

### Approve previous minutes  
  - Approved, Tobie to merge

### Steering & Spec Comittee updates
- Steering Committee update  
  	- Approved the deliverable plan to contain white papers.
- Spec Commitee:
	- Coordination of input to different SDOs.

### Product definitions update
- WG input provided in time, details can be found [here](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/tree/main/product-definitions).
- Thank you to all contributors!

### BSI / FSFE questionnaire update
- They are still trying to work out how to manage our feedback.
- Action item on Tobie to chase and enable ORC contributors to participate.

### ESOs updates	liaisons
- A lot of activity in the standardisation organisations.
- Hard to track and get an overview.
- It was highlighted the need to detect when things become critical for Internet and Open Source and not too narrow from a corporate perspective.
- Signed “code of conduct” makes it hard or impossible to share notes and raw materials.
- There will be a public review which is going to be the last chance to give input.
- Inputs to improve this situation are welcome (shared calendars, sharing of notes etc)
- Discussed whether IETF standards are acceptable or not. No conclusion.

### CRA Expert Group updates
	
- Open source guidance
	- Key takeaway: we need a white paper on open source basics
- Session on risk assessment
	- The relationship between risk assessment and open source
	- Product risk vs org risk
### Keeping liaisons organized 
- Not covered in the meeting

### White paper on types of open source projects & activities & relationship to companies/products
- Proposal to create a task force on this topic
- Gather different inputs from the chat and private channels to start the potential work on it.

### Deliverables Plan
- Pull request open #71 - please provide feedback TODAY!

### AOB
- Dan A. raising awareness: OpenSSF has released its free CRA course on the LF platform: https://openssf.org/blog/2025/04/16/new-free-course-understanding-the-eu-cyber-resilience-act-cra-lfel1001/ 
