# **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Cyber Resilience SIG

###  17 February 2025
##  Agenda
 Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| FOSDEM & Workshop output | Juan | 5|
| CRA Expert Group | Dirk, Lars, Tobie & Mika | 15 |
| Harmonized standards | Tobie | 5 |
| FAQ work next steps| Tobie & All | 15 |
| Inventory | Maxime & Tobie | 5 |
| Deliverable plan | Tobie | 5 |
| AOB | | 5 |

## Participants
* Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)  
* Tobie Langel (Eclipse Foundation)
* Timo Perala (Nokia)
* Hendrik Ebbers (OpenElements)
* Dan Appelquist (Samsung / OpenSSF)  
* Tobias Heldt   
* Tobias Frech (iJUG)  
* Jakub Zelenka (The PHP Foundation)  
* Adrian OSullivan (Huawei)  
* Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)  
* Lars Francke (Stackable)  
* Georg Kunz (Ericsson)  
* Carlo Piana (Array)  
* Alberto Pianon (Array)  
* Daniel Thompson-Yvetot (Tauri)  
* Dirk-Willem van Gulik (ASF)  
* Lothar Felten (Pyramid Computer)  
* Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation)  
* Jeremy Stanley (Spec Committee, OpenInfra, SPI)  
* Marta Rybczynska (Eclipse Foundation) 
* Andrew Katz (Bristows|Orcro)   
* Rebecca Rumbul (Rust Foundation)  
* Simon Phipps (SWH)  
* Sal Kimmich (GadflyAI)  
* Jordan Maris (OSI)  
* Victor Roland (Obeo)  
* Olle E. Johansson, Edvina/OWASP  
* Daniel Dilger (Mercedes-Benz Tech Innovation)  
* Alistair Woodman (Earlang)  
* Dick Brooks (BCG)  
* Gerardo Lisboa  
* Maxim Baele (OWASP)  
* Pierre Pochery (FreeBSD Foundation)  
* Thierry Carrez (OpenStack)

## Minutes
### FOSDEM & Workshop output 

* All resources can be found on Github, in the [dedicated FOSDEM folder](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/events/2025/FOSDEM).  
* We plan to use [GitHub](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/events) as the resource hub for the events.  
* Feel free to provide comments on existing entries or to suggest the creation of new ones.

### EC CRA Expert Group 

* 60 seats \- each country has a seat \- and the rest are industry & community \- many companies and communities e.g. OpenSSF, Eclipse Foundation, Apache Software Foundation, Sovereign Tech  
* Expert group participant members can be found [here](https://ec.europa.eu/transparency/expert-groups-register/screen/expert-groups/consult?lang=en&groupID=3967).  
  * OSS is well represented by 5-6 orgs  
* Dirk-Willem: EU want … high level summary posted .. of their meeting ..  Also: countries… were not that opinionated before and now large block seems to be “on our side”.  
* Lars: half the meeting was around logistics…   
* WG structure to develop the real work, leaders of those WG could be EC staff or other members of the CRA EG.  
* Guidance built in the working groups will become guidance to the commission…  
* **Legal vs. Natural people** question came up \- and the commission didn’t seem to think it’s such a problem … but countries and industry groups picked it up. \- [issue here](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/issues/55).   
* Everything will be minuted and those minutes will be public  
* Question on **invited experts** \- it’s possible \- requires formal approval \- consensus-based.   
* We don’t know currently if the documents produced by the working groups will be made public but (Simon suggests) we should keep reminding them that they should be.

### Harmonized standards 

* CEN/CENELEC \- April 2025 \- public sharing of the outline of the standards  
* Take a look to RED Delegated Act (comes into action Aug 25\)

### FAQ work next steps 

* ORC WG GitHub [FAQ Space](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/blob/main/faq.md%20)   
* FAQ work can serve as direct input on the \[expert group\] guidelines on the topics we care about \- can help to clarify different aspects.  
  * Some coordination and organization … a lot of issues and we want to move them into the main document and label them properly so people can know the state of each issue… then the status wrt bringing it as input to the Commission.   
  * What's the mechanism to getting PRs accepted?   
    * A number of volunteers who have participated in the FAQ workshop \- they will get commiter access and work on a process to accept PRs…  
    * These will be brought to SIG meetings   
    * Process Proposal  
      * Minimum number of \+1 reviews \[how many?\] and only bring issues here if they have a \-1.  
      * (And a '-1" veto also means a commitment to propose an alternative / help resolve the issue)   
    * Merge protection \- we need it. Tobie will work on that.  
  * Looking for anyone interested in taking a leadership role \- and we can get you in this group.

### Inventory 

* ORC WG GitHub [Inventory space](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/blob/main/inventory.md)  
* Maxim: working on moving things from google sheets / docs into markdown/github. Needs help. Goal is to move to github for everything and use PRs going forward.  
* Need help with categorizing \- reach out to Maxim  
* The exercise will be \- for each of these spreadsheets … this document is organized around the different requirements. The specific requirements for OSS stewards are at the button. An up to date document … that can be shared in different places.

### Deliverable plan 

* We have clear notes. And a clear plan for these documents.  
* Simon: Specification meeting yesterday \- there was a plan to create a specification out of ORC \- and for that spec to coalesce into specific specs over time. Would prefer to see which parts of the FAQ become over-detailed and then separate those out into specific deliverables.  
* Tobie: \*clarifies\* what Simon described is \- not actual specs \- but the structure of how specs would be created in the ORC wg. In order to manage the complexity… and to make it easy to create specs as needed … (e.g. out of the FAQ). we had to create an umbrella project \[in Eclipse\] .. so they can go to ISO as standards… That’s why we have that structure. Will take the inventory and focus on the things that matter to OSS in the inventory. When something comes up, to actually make those as “needing a separate deliverable”. Then it’s anything that can come from the CRA expert group. We need to be flexible and have a plan. Turn different deliverables into different outputs that can be consumed in different places. \[Tobie to create a draft.\]

  ### AOB 

  * Oej: Would like to follow up from the meeting with the EC on vulnerability management  
    * A feeling we need to follow-up internally on the OSS side \- and how we can work together to handle vulnerability disclosures… Before having a follow-up meeting with the commission. We should have a meeting where we discuss and figure out a way forward.  
    * Tobie: Marta & Micah came up with a draft vulnerability spec for open source… we’re waiting for the right licenses \- and can move forward this week.  
    * Olie: this is more sound the process… if there’s a critical issue can we do some coordination?  
    * Marta: we had a session at the workshop where we shared draft … the draft we have done \- the minimum common practices for handling vulnerabilities .. and coordinated disclosure.  
  * Dan: just 30 seconds on OpenSSF coordination- just noting that I and others here are also participating in the OpenSSF Cybersecurity Policy wg \- and I intend to ensure we have coordination… Encourage cross-collaboration. Information sharing etc…  
  * Denjell: I wrote a book about compliance for software in Europe \- anyone want to review the latest version? (Will send a download link over the mailing list.)

Action items

- [ ] Volunteers to support in leading FAQ discussions \- reach out Tobie and Juan to join the ones who did it during the workshop.  
- [ ] Volunteers to support Maxim with Inventory categorization \- reach out Maxim, Tobie and Juan  
- [ ] Volunteers to contribute to specific Task Forces contact Juan and Tobie  
- [ ] To confirm and communicate to the mailing list the process to get PRs accepted

