---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document type: Minutes
Status: ⚠️ Draft
Date: 2025-09-29
---

##  Agenda


| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/177) | Juan |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last SIG call |  Juan |
|  10 | Status of CEN/CENELEC PT3 | |
|  15 | 
|  20 | 
|  25 | Vulnerability Handling TF update +  [White paper](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150)  | Vulnerability Handling TF leads |
|  30 | CRA Expert Group | Ciarán |
|  35 | Status of the FAQ and inventory | Tobie |
|  40 | 
|  45 | Attestation proposal | Æva |
|  50 | Code & Compliance + Marketing Update | Shanda + Juan |
|  55 | AOB | |

### Pending actions from the previous meeting

## Attendees

- Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Aeva Black (Null Point Studio)  
- Tobias Frech (iJUG)  
- Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen)  
- Gregers Baur-Petersen ([Reversec.com](http://Reversec.com))  
- Jeremy Stanley (Spec Committee, OpenInfra Foundation, SPI)  
- Jakub Zelenka (PHP Foundation)  
- Vicky Risk (ISC)  
- Timo Perälä (Nokia)  
- Adrian OSullivan (Huawei)  
- Marta Rybczynska (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Rebecca Rumbul (Rust Foundation)  
- Becky Hepper (Seagate)  
- Gerardo Lisboa (ESOP & INFO-CARE)  
- Dirk-Willem van Gulik (ASF)  
- Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)  
- Jonne Soininen (Nokia)  
- Seth Larson (PSF)

## Notes

### Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting

- [https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/177](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/177)   
- Approved and merged

### Status of CEN/CENELEC PT3 standard

- New meeting to discuss OSS in PT3 tomorrow (private CEN meeting)  
- PT3 is having a discussion on obligations of manufacturers that are using open source   
  - What information (re: OSS) is necessary for vuln handling  
  - Trying to coordinate how the modules are identified.  
- What is the relationship to PT1?  
- ESO Coordination needs to be improved, and we will orchestrate the mechanisms to support the back channels that already exist.

### Vulnerability handling TF update

- White paper is progressing:  
  - What the stewards can and cannot do with the projects.  
  - FAQs to be filled about this topic.  
- Not include any legal stuff and borderline cases.  
- It is necessary to find contributors to work on the FAQ entries to be included in the white paper.

### CRA Expert Group Update

- Agenda shared   
  - Delegated Act  
  - SBOMs \- with CISAs   
  - Guidance  
  - Single reporting platform \- ENISA  
  - Support from SMEs.  
- We will be sharing information through the mailing list, and organizing ad-hoc meetings when necesary

### Status of the FAQ and Inventory

- CRA Hub moved to our GitHub organization.  
- Connect FAQ with the current GitHub space so it is better connected.  
- Will be moved into the subdomain in the coming weeks.  
- Meeting this Friday \- traditional slot 13.30 CEST.


### Attestation work proposal

- New project proposal launched \- [https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/reviews/cra-attestations-creation-review](https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/reviews/cra-attestations-creation-review)   
- Voluntary security attestation will be developed in this project.  
- Communication will be opened to everyone, covering everything from very small projects to the bigger ones.  
- We’ll leverage the ORC structure to keep everyone involved and informed about our activities, giving room for contributions.




### Code and Compliance update

- We will be announcing the final agenda and speakers in the coming days.

### AOB

- **Public Consultations:** The European Commission has launched a consultation on the [revision of the Standardisation Regulation](https://single-market-economy.ec.europa.eu/news/commission-seeks-views-future-european-standardisation-2025-09-24_en). This is an opportunity to provide views on the future of European standardisation and its role in supporting innovation and competitiveness.  
- Reorganisation of the information in the GitHub organisation [https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/issues/185](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/issues/185)   
  - Objectives and structure of the work included in the PR.  
  - Feedback requested

