---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document type: Minutes
Status: ✅ Approved
Date: 2025-08-18
---

##  Agenda


| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/153) | Juan |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last SIG call |  Juan |
|  10 | |
|  15 | CRA Expert Group updates | [Expert Group Liaisons][] |
|  20 | ESOs updates | [ESO Liaisons][] |
|  25 | Vulnerability Handling TF update - [White paper](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150)  | Vulnerability Handling TF leads |
|  30 | Status of the FAQ and inventory | |
|  35 | |  |
|  40 | Code & Compliance Preparation | Juan |
|  45 | | |
|  50 | Marketing Updates| Shanda |
|  55 | AOB | |

## Attendees:

- Juan Rico (EF)  
- Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)  
- Shanda Giacomoni (EF)  
- Mathias Schindler (GitHub)  
- Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen/Eclipse Foundation)  
- Felix Reda (GitHub)  
- Æva Black \[Null Point Studio\]  
- Marta Rybczynska (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Jeremy Stanley (ORC Spec Committee, OpenInfra Foundation, SPI)  
- Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF))  
- Timo Perälä (Nokia)  
- Tobias Frech (iJUG)  
- Roman Zhukov (Red Hat)  
- Simon Phipps (SWH)

## Notes

### Welcome & approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/153)

Minutes approved and merged into the main branch.

### [Pending action items](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/edit/main/cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-08-18-mom-cyber-resilience-sig.md#pending-action-items) from last SIG call

- [x]  ~~Volunteer to contribute to the white paper~~  
- [ ]  Send to the mailing list a proposal for the Common dictionary work.  
- [x]  ~~Send to the mailing list information about the upcoming events.~~

The topic of the common dictionary will be proposed to the Committees this week.

### CRA Expert Group updates

- The topic currently under discussion is the Risk Assessment Guidance.  
- There are very few items included in the proposal that affects open source, basically related to the risk assessment for third-party components integration. Key ideas behind it:  
  - The manufacturers are in charge of dealing with the due diligence.  
  - To launch a product to the market, there should be no **exploitable** vulnerabilities.  
  - The license of the security patches and their availability for the upstream projects.

### ESOs updates

- CEN/CENELEC PT3 Vulnerability Handling  
  - CEN/CENELEC closed the process to collect feedback for the first draft on August 4th.  
  - Around 700 comments were received, so it will take a bit to go through all of them.  
  - The main problem in the current version is the reference standard, which is 11 years old and puts open source in the place of vendors, which is completely different from what the CRA text states.  
- Letter to ESOs  
  - It is currently closed to the final version.  
  - It includes problems and proposals we are facing  
  - It will be distributed soon to gather internal support.

### Vulnerability Handling TF update \- White paper

- Status  
  - Currently updated version with integrated comments available in this PR [https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150)  
  - It is split by domain now to simplify contributions.  
- Needs   
  - Volunteers scanning the FAQ to reference some of the items in the document as the first step
  - Reaching out through the mailing list and Slack.

### Status of the FAQ and inventory

- Currently under development, a restructuring of the FAQ structure to facilitate contributing, management and readability.  
- There is a work-in-progress version that will be shared soon.  
- This Friday, it is scheduled the FAQ TF meeting, in its regular slot, where the current status and next steps will be shared.  
- The inventory is near to be finished, and the release plan includes v1.0 with all comments and Pull Requests processed, and a plan v1.1 to be quickly released to cover typos and minor editorial changes.

### Code & Compliance Preparation

- Updates shared in the mailing list, like the co-located event on the first day with OFE.  
- We are closing speakers and sessions, but the focus of the event is:  
  - Role of the stakeholders involved in the CRA and its relationship with open source.  
  - Standardisation of the CRA  
  - Industrial sectors and their relationship with the CRA.  
  - Workshops.  
- We have some room for workshops, so workshop proposals are welcome.  
- Sponsoring is open for organisations, so if the event looks interesting for your entities, please reach out to Shanda or Juan.

### Marketing Updates

- The momentum press release was launched on the 14th of August, and it had an impact with several media already sharing it and more activities derived from it happening in the coming days.  
- The [ORC mascot contest](https://99designs.ca/character-mascot-design/contests/orc-mascot-open-source-community-1333963/entries) is live. 6 finalist designers were selected, and they are receiving guidance to make their final designs. The ORC community will vote for the winner. Feedback is directed to more diversity and less stereotypes.
- We are preparing a proposal to coordinate and know where the ORC community will be sharing their job, offering also a Meet Me channel when possible.

### AOB

- There won’t be an official ORC gathering at OSS event in Amsterdam next week, however there will be an informal event to meet ETSI CRA vertical rapporteurs, more details [here](https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7361437407549812737/).

## Notes

[SIG Leads]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#leads
[ESO Liaisons]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#cen-cenelec-wg-9
[Expert Group Liaisons]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#cra-expert-group
[deliverable-2-8]:https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/coordination/european-commission/deliverable-2-8.md

  
