###  14 April 2025
##  Agenda
 Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approve [previous minutes] | Tobie | 2 |
| Steering & Spec Committee updates | SIG Leads | 5 |
| Liaisons | Tobie | 10 |
|CRA Mondays | Tobie |5 |
| Product definitions | Tobie and all| 20 |
| Deliverables Plan | Tobie |10 |
| AOB | | 5 |

<details>
<summary><b>Participants </b></summary>
* Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen / Eclipse)  
* Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)  
* Alberto Pianon (Array)  
* Thierry Carrez (OpenInfra Foundation)  
* Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF))  
* Denjell (Tauri)  
* Shanda Giacomoni (Eclipse Foundation)  
* Victor Roland (Obeo)  
* Dirk-Willem van Gulik (Apache Software Foundation)  
* Hermann Seuschek (Siemens)  
* Rebecca Rumbul (Rust Foundation)  
* Alvaro Vilas (OpenForum Europe)  
* Daniel Dilger (Mercedes-Benz Tech Innovation)  
* Jakub Zelenka (The PHP Foundation)  
* Maarten Aertsen (NLnet Labs)  
* Merlijn Sebrechts (imec)  
* Mathias Schindler (GitHub)  
* Jeremy Stanley (Spec Committee, OpenInfra Foundation, SPI)  
* Timo Perälä (Nokia)  
* Gerardo Lisboa (INFO-CARE & ESOP)  
* Aeva Black  
* Adrian OSullivan (Huawei)  
* fukami (OpenSSF)  
* Dick Brooks (Business Cyber Guardian)   
* Luke Davies  
* Aeva Black  
* Sal Kimmich
 </details>


## Notes

### Approve previous minutes  
  * Will approve next call  
### Steering and Specification Committees Coordination  
  * Steering Committee update  
    * Meeting this week \- no updates.
  * Spec Committee update  
    * Meeting happening next week (14:00 UTC on 2024-04-24) \- in the last Spec Committee meeting, it was decided to move to a monthly cadence.
 ### Liaisons
 * CRA Expert group (related FAQ work)  
    * The FAQ is referenced in the docs that will be used for the discussion highlighting the relevance of the work we are developing.  
    * The previous call on risk assessment (2025.04.14) was focused on mapping out the work items for the stream.  
  * ETSI \- CEN/CENELEC \- CRA Expert Group  
    * Informing of upcoming events to coordinate internally.  
    * Juan and Tobie to build the calendar.  
  * BSI / FSFE questionnaire  
    * Still requires some internal steps.  
  * ORC WG member who would like to handle liaison with OpenSSF  
    * It will be done through the members.  
### CRA Mondays  
  * What’s this new thing?  
    * Adjacent topics that we care about  
  * How can we suggest topics and guests? [cra-mondays](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/labels/cra-mondays) label on orcwg/orcwg  
    * Our GitHub  
  * Is it being recorded?  
    * Yes  
  * What’s today’s topic?  
### Product definitions ([open issues and PRs](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pulls?q=is:pr+is:open+label:%22Critical+and+Important+Products%22))  
  * The deadline has been extended until the 18th of April  
  * Covering the open PRs  
    * \#182 Suggestion for secure element  
      * To include Trusted Execution Environments  
  * The first discussion took longer than expected so it was decided to follow up asynchronously.  
  * Everyone is allowed to provide feedback to the EC. So for those in which the consensus is weak, it is not going to be submitted as ORC, but entitle everyone to reach out with their feedback to the EC.  
### Deliverable plan
* Updated [deliverables plan](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/tobie-going-deeper/cyber-resilience-sig#deliverables)  
  * Share plan with community  
  * Collect input on plan and priorities  
    * Missing clear link to standardization effort  
    * Missing liaison with market surveillance in particular for SBOMs  
  * Next SIG call, decide which deliverables to focus on next and create task forces


## Actions  
  * Collect feedback from the community the next week --> Deliverbales plan
    * Consolidate in the next SIG Call  
    * Call for volunteers to drive the work  
  * Possibility of doing a presentation about the Deliverables and their fitting by Tobie after the next SIG call.  
  * Attestation programs and market surveillance authorities relationship.  
