###  31 March 2025
##  Agenda
 Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/62) | Tobie | 2 |
| Steering & Spec Committee updates | SIG Leads | 5 |
| [FAQ Task Force meeting](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/MEETINGS.md#faq-task-force-call) | Tobie | 3 |
| [ORC GitHub Profile page](https://github.com/orcwg/.github/pull/1) | Tobie | 5 |
| [Collaboration on BSI and FSFE questionnaire](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/tree/tobie-questionnaires/questionnaires#questionnaire-for-open-source-and-manufacturers) ([Related pull request](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/168)) | Tobie | 15 | 
| [Technical definitions of Important & Critical Product](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/blob/tobie-prod-reg/product-definitions/README.md#current-consultations) ([Related pull request](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/164))| Tobie | 15 | 
| [Vulnerability Management Specification](https://github.com/orcwg/vulnerability-management-spec) | Mikael | 10 |
| AOB | | 5 |
