---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document type: Minutes
Status: üóìÔ∏è Proposed agenda
Date: 2025-07-07
---

##  Agenda


| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve [previous minutes](#) |  |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last SIG call |  |
|  10 | Steering & Spec Committee updates | [SIG Leads][] |
|  15 | | |
|  20 | CRA Expert Group updates | [Expert Group Liaisons][] |
|  25 | ESOs updates | [ESO Liaisons][] |
|  30 | | |
|  35 | Vulnerability Handling TF update | Vulnerability Handling TF leads |
|  40 | Resource Inventory TF update ([#228](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/228)) | Inventory TF leads |
|  45 | FAQ TF update | FAQ TF leads |
|  50 | | |
|  55 | AOB | |

## Pending action items

- [ ] Continue work on infrastructure facilitating coordination around standardization.
- [ ] Close [work on BSI/FSFE questionnaire](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/labels/Questionnaire).
- [ ] Complete final draft of Resources Inventory.

## Attendees




[SIG Leads]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#leads
[ESO Liaisons]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#cen-cenelec-wg-9
[Expert Group Liaisons]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#cra-expert-group

  
