---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document type: Minutes
Status: ⚠️ Draft
Date: 2026-02-16
---

##  Agenda


| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/240) | Juan |
|   5 | Summary of the last Steering Committee | SC Chairs |
|  10 | Next CRA Expert Group | Juan|
|  15 | Voluntary Attestations | Æva|
|  20 | ||
|  25 | Due diligence | Timo | 
|  30 | || 
|  35 | Status of the FAQ and inventory | Tobie ||| 
|  40 | ||  
|  45 | GVIP | Olle|
|  50 | Marketing Update | Juan|
|  55 | AOB | |

## Participants

-   
- Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Mikael Barbero (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Pierre Pronchery (FreeBSD Foundation)  
- Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF))  
- Mathias Schindler (GitHub)  
- Salve J. Nilsen (CPAN Security Group)  
- Victor Roland (Obeo)  
- Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen)  
- Jeremy Stanley (ORC Spec Committee, OpenInfra Foundation, SPI Inc)  
- Timo Perälä (Nokia)  
- Jonne Soininen (Nokia)  
- [Alice Sowerby](mailto:alice@freebsdfoundation.org) (FreeBSD Foundation)  
- Tobias Frech (iJUG e.V:)  
- Æva Black (Null Point Studio)  
- Francisco Picolini (OpenNebula Systems)  
- Caren Kresse (OSADL)  
- Simon Phipps (ORC Spec Ctte, OSI, ETSI EUSR)  
- Olle E. Johansson, ORCWG/OWASP/Edvina  
- Dick Brooks (BCG)

## Notes

### Welcome & approve previous minutes

- Approved and merged

### Summary of the last Steering Committee

- Membership looks promising growing interest  
- It was presented the implementation pan for 2026 objectives which includes the execution in the four pillars defined for the working group.  
- It was analysed Code and Compliance, identifying some improvement areas like the creation of a program committee to define priorities and ling the agenda, more breaks and networking opportunities and maybe less talks.   
- Minutes from other Steering Committee meetings [here](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/governance) 

### Next CRA Expert Group

* Juan shared the agenda of the next meeting (March 3rd)  
  * ENISA present SBOM work  
  * ENISA presents a single reporting platform- [ref](https://www.enisa.europa.eu/topics/product-security-and-certification/single-reporting-platform-srp)  
* Pre-meeting in our calendar \- Monday 23rd \- 16:00 CET \- 15.00 UTC

### Voluntary Attestations

* Prepare an introduction to the CRA expert group  
* Survey still open \- please share with your network\! \- Closing on the 20th\!  
  [https://ec.europa.eu/eusurvey/runner/CRA-Attestation-Survey-2026-FOSDEM](https://ec.europa.eu/eusurvey/runner/CRA-Attestation-Survey-2026-FOSDEM)  
* Discussion around heavyweight attestations.  
* FSFE/BSI-DE Survey \- [https://dialog-cybersicherheit.limesurvey.net/113884](https://dialog-cybersicherheit.limesurvey.net/113884)   
  * Need to understand the rationale of the hidden assumptions that can be identified through the survey  
* Clarify with the EC the expectations created about the title of the session  
* **Open question**: could/should an attestation declare that a project is compliant with a CRA product safety standard (e.g., the operating system standard)?

### Due diligence

* [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1\_IpLqgWogDNGzN4J51L1pXQv0GsCYR4xPdn-BwXVBrk/edit?tab=t.0\#heading=h.z7oxwfl0u8fm](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_IpLqgWogDNGzN4J51L1pXQv0GsCYR4xPdn-BwXVBrk/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.z7oxwfl0u8fm)  
* Blog entry: [https://orcwg.org/blog/due-diligence-dos-attack/](https://orcwg.org/blog/due-diligence-dos-attack/)  
* Work structure   
  * Contribute to the document  
  * Share your thoughts  
  * Join the Vulnerability Handling Task Force calls every other Thursday 15:00-16:00 CET  
  * Discussion on VH TF slack channel

### Status of the FAQ and inventory

* Code and Compliance Materials  
  * Video available \- [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75cq7XTvbos\&list=PLy7t4z5SYNaTKAWlXT3HAQMy4LgLVA7zf\&index=16](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75cq7XTvbos&list=PLy7t4z5SYNaTKAWlXT3HAQMy4LgLVA7zf&index=16) 

### GVIP

* Summit in Brussels with 80 attendees \- slides available on the web site (check agenda for the summit)  
* Open invitations to community meetings \- Add links  
* Join the community meetings  
  [https://www.gvip-project.org/community/](https://www.gvip-project.org/community/) 

### Marketing Update

- Code and Compliance pictures  \- [https://www.flickr.com/photos/108559379@N08/albums/72177720331978791](https://www.flickr.com/photos/108559379@N08/albums/72177720331978791)   
- Share with us events, news, posts …  
- We are happy to reshare  
- Interested in trainings? Book an interview with Shanda or Olle\! Just a few minutes of your time. Find us in Slack.  
- NSSS \- Stockholm \- April \- [https://nsss.se](https://nsss.se) [https://sbomfocus.eu](https://sbomfocus.eu)   
- OCX in Brussels \- a special track on compliance  
  [https://www.ocxconf.org/](https://www.ocxconf.org/) 

### AOB

- Input to countries  
  - Open Ticket \- give your feedback [https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/issues/227](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/issues/227)  
  - Respond to rfc’s  
  - Educate named authorities (long term)

