---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document type: Minutes
Status: ✅ Approved
Date: 2026-01-19
---

##  Agenda


| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/225) | Juan |
|   5 | Report from the Steering Committee meeting | SC chairs |
|  10 |  | |
|  15 | Voluntary Attestations | Æva|
|  20 | ||
|  25 | Due diligence | Timo |
|  30 | Status of the FAQ and inventory | Tobie |
|  35 | Vulnerability Handling TF update +  Open Source Stewards White paper | Vulnerability Handling TF leads |
|  40 |  
|  45 | Code & Compliance + Marketing Update | Juan |
|  50 | ||
|  55 | AOB | |

## Participants

- Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Jordan Maris (Open Source Initiative)  
- Adrian OSullivan (Huawei)  
- Pierre Pronchery (FreeBSD Foundation)  
- Victor Roland (Obeo)  
- Dick Brooks (Business Cyber Guardian)  
- Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF))  
- Jakub Zelenka (PHP Foundation)  
- Dirk-Willem van Gulik (Apache Software Foundation, the ASF)  
- Timo Perälä (Nokia)  
- Mathias Schindler (GitHub)  
- Jonne Soininen (Nokia)  
- Hermann Seuschek (Siemens)  
- Jeremy Stanley (ORC Spec Committee, OpenInfra Foundation, SPI Inc)  
- Aeva Black (Null Point Studio)  
- Daniel Dilger (Mercedes-Benz Tech Innovation)  
- Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)  
- Alice Sowerby (FreeBSD Foundation)

## Notes

### Welcome & approve previous minutes

Minutes of the last meeting were 

### Report from the Steering Committee meeting

- Elections topic  
- Marketing plan \- alignment with the program plan \- invite Shanda to give a quick update  
  - Proposed to shift towards outside our community \- need to be implemented and organised.  
- Code and Compliance   
- Open Digital Ecosystem call for evidence \- [https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/better-regulation/have-your-say/initiatives/16213-European-Open-Digital-Ecosystems\_en](https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/better-regulation/have-your-say/initiatives/16213-European-Open-Digital-Ecosystems_en)   
  - Presentation at SIG Call  Jan 19  
  - Feedback collection until  Jan 26  
  - Composition until Jan 29  
  - SC approval until Feb 2  
  - Submission Feb 3

### Voluntary Attestations

- Lightweight proposal merged a month ago \- @all to look at it  
- New proposal submitted for heavyweight (based on the needs of browsers) \- [https://github.com/orcwg/cra-attestations/pull/20](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-attestations/pull/20)  
- Attestations survey \- [Attestation Survey Flow (drafting)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aWZBsBpJb1CDmVoTdAceg611Ap17JKJ8fe2DuBcnLto/edit?tab=t.0)  
- Code and compliance \- will be sharing the status of where the current work is.  
- FOSDEM \- Sunday afternoon EU Policy devroom

### Due diligence

- Use next week to collect community input and kick-start the work on the topic.  
- Check on openSSF work on a manufacturer checklist \- potential source of ideas for our work. \- Tech talk next Monday.  
- Link between attestation and due diligence.

### Status of the FAQ and inventory

- Not covered

### Vulnerability Handling TF update \+ Open Source Stewards White paper

- The last call was around two main topics:  
  - Open Source stewards and the CRA whitepaper \- after agreeing on the content, we are concluding the editorial work. The current version is almost closed, it is necessary to include a point to highlight issues not addressed but identified. We are targeting next week to formally launch it.  
  - Evolution of the task force activities \- There are several options discussed and recorded in the minutes of the meeting. Some of them include covering extensively the horizontal standards and the gaps they are creating for the open source community, focusing on SBOMs or due diligence. The intention is not to open new work elements if there is no committed team of contributors backing it up.

### Code & Compliance \+ Marketing Update

- Registration is closed, but all members of the community who want to attend, please reach out to Ciaran or Juan. This is a community event, and we’ll do our best to fit you in.  
- The agenda is closed and available [here](https://www.eclipse-foundation.events/event/code-compliance-2026/program).   
- We have two meeting rooms available; the objective is to allow parallel meetings among participants to discuss further ideas or proposals. Please feel free to use the space.  
- Marketing will be presented during our next SIG call once Shanda is back.

### WG Elections

- We are in the election period with the opportunity to appoint representatives for the Steering and Specification Committees. We will be allocating:  
  - One seat for Participant members  
  - Three seats allocated for Foundations  
- The election timeline is the following:  
  - January 12 \- 20: Call for Nominations   
  - January 22:  Announce Candidates Standing  
  - January 26 \- February 2:  Ballots Distributed (Voting Period)  
  - February 4:  Announce Election Results
- It was clarified the powers and duties of representatives in the committees

### AOB

- None

