---
Group: CEN/CENELEC WG 9
Subgroup: PT 3
Date: 21 May 2025
---

# Meeting notes

## Participants

_Name and affiliation of open source community members present during the call and collecting notes to share with the broader community._
 
* [NAME], [AFFILIATION]

## Notes

_Please remember that these notes are public. Please only share information that is necessary for the open source community to provide input on and to understand the direction of the standardization effort._

[Contribution](./contribution-pt-3-clause-4-4.md) was presented on May 21, 2025 during a PT 3 call.

- No major comments.
- ToDos:
  - We need to do away with all "shalls", this is informative text.
  - Also have to check that we don't duplicate CRA text.
  - Check with PT 3 Rapporteur that contribution covers what is necessary.

Some discussion in PT 3:

- Suggestion to doublecheck the text is in alignment with PT1's draft.
- Confirmation that the [Standardisation Request](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/tree/main/resources#february-3-2025---standardisation-request) has no reference to stewards, therefore nothing to be considered from that point of view.
- Proposal to remove the text from the "General" clause (clause 4) and move it to Annex.
- Suggestion to consider if the the text is required in the standard at all.
- Conclusion: for time being the text remains as Clause 4.4, moving to Annex or deleting entirely is an easy quick job.

## Action items

None.
