---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Document Type: Liaison meeting notes
Group: CEN/CENELEC WG 9
Subgroup: PT 3
Date: 2025-06-11
---

## Participants

_Name and affiliation of open source community members present during the call and collecting notes to share with the broader community._
 
* Marta Rybczynska, Eclipse Foundation
* Timo Perala, Nokia

## Notes

_Please remember that these notes are public. Please only share information that is necessary for the open source community to provide input on and to understand the direction of the standardization effort._

Discussion on the Annex C on Open Source Stewards in PT3 draft standard:
- We agreed that ORC will provide one slide to the PT3 chair with the Vulnerability Handling task force meeting date/time and the working space once they are available.
- There is a need for a commitment preferably by June 18th from ORC on a delivery date for the contribution on Annex C. If ORC commits to deliver before the end of the month (June 2025) the Annex text will be included in the first review of the PT3 draft. If the delivery date ORC commits to is later (after June 2025), the contribution will be added to PT3 draft standard at a subsequent stage. This is possible and ok for PT3 as Annex C is informative content.

## Action items

- [ ] ORC to provide one slide to the PT3 chair with the Vulnerability Handling task force meeting date/time and the working space once they are available.
- [ ] ORC to commit on the delivery date for contribution to Annex C in PT3 draft
