---
Group: CEN/CENELEC WG 9
Subgroup: PT 3
Date: 28 May 2025
---

# Meeting notes

## Participants
_Name and affiliation of open source community members present during the call and collecting notes to share with the broader community._
 
* [NAME], [AFFILIATION]

## Notes

_Please remember that these notes are public. Please only share information that is necessary for the open source community to provide input on and to understand the direction of the standardization effort._

The [contribution](./contribution-pt-3-clause-4-4.md) was discussed again during the PT 3 call on May 28, 2025. The result of the discussion:

- The current text rephrases CRA's sections on stewards, and it should not be doing that
- Instead, it should be describing (for manufacturers) how to interact with Open Source Stewards in the vulnerability reporting contect (like CVD - coordinated vulnerability disclosure)
- The section has been moved to Annex C and has been asked to aim at: helping manufacturers understand interactions with open source stewards, describe the role of open source as introduced in the CRA text, describe the relation with the standards and what is expected and reasonable.

> [!WARNING]
> PT 3 seems to believe that manufacturers will only deal with open source software stewards when interfacing with open source. Part of the work we need to do is to educate PT 3 and manufacturers on how to interface with open source projects _in general_ not just through manufacturers.

## Action items

- [ ] Propose a new deliverable for Cyber Resilience SIG to prepare a contribution in the form of an annex to the PT 3 standard that would help inform manufacturers about what to expect when interacting with the open source community in the course of handling vulnerabilities.

