---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task force: FAQ TF
Document type: Minutes
Status: üìù Draft
Date: 2025-11-11
---

##  Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve agenda | Tobie |
|   3 | Approve minutes for [October 17](./2025-10-17-mom-faq-tf.md) and [October 31](./2025-10-31-mom-faq-tf.md) | Tobie |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last TF call | Tobie |
|  10 | Status update ([roadmap][]) | Tobie |
|  15 | Discuss new catgories and [nested lists](https://github.com/orcwg/cra.orcwg.org/issues/118) | Tobie |
|  20 | Discuss [callouts in Guidance requests](https://github.com/orcwg/cra.orcwg.org/issues/137) | Tobie |
|  25 | Discuss skeleton proposal for FAQ governance | Tobie |
|  30 | | |
|  35 | | |
|  40 | | |
|  45 | | |
|  50 | | |
|  55 | AOB | |

## Pending action items

- [X] Create a [high-priority label](high-priority label https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/labels/high-priority) for FAQs which should be prioretized.

## Participants

* Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen)  
* Olle E. Johansson (Edvina)  
* Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF))  
* Timo Per√§l√§ (Nokia)  
* Aeva Black

## Minutes

### Welcome & approve agenda  
    
- Agenda approved

### Approve minutes  

- Not enough participants to approve minutes.

### Status update

* Provided status update ([roadmap][])

### Discuss new catgories and nested lists

* Discussed 
* Decision to move ahead with implementation

### Discuss callouts in Guidance requests

* See [Issue #137](https://github.com/orcwg/cra.orcwg.org/issues/137)
* Decision to move ahead with implementation

### Discuss skeleton proposal for FAQ governance 

* Notion of FAQ editor responsible for surfacing TF consensus approved. Tobie to propose language.


[roadmap]: https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/issues/262