---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task force: FAQ TF
Document type: Minutes
Status: üìù Draft
Date: 2025-10-31
---

##  Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve agenda | Tobie |
|   3 | Approve minutes for [October 17](./2025-10-17-mom-faq-tf.md) | Tobie |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last TF call | Tobie |
|  10 | Status update ([roadmap][]) | Tobie |
|  15 | Discuss new contributors category | Tobie |
|  20 | Review Stewards FAQs | Tobie |
|  25 | | |
|  30 | | |
|  35 | | |
|  40 | | |
|  45 | | |
|  50 | | |
|  55 | AOB | |

## Pending action items

- [X] Create a [high-priority label](high-priority label https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/labels/high-priority) for FAQs which should be prioretized.

## Participants

* Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen)
* Timo Per√§l√§ (Nokia)

## Minutes

- Meeting was adjourned due to lack of participation (travel, agenda conflict with standardization process).

[roadmap]: https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/issues/262