---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task force: FAQ TF
Document type: Minutes
Status: üìù Draft
Date: 2025-10-17
---

##  Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve agenda | Tobie |
|   3 | Approve minutes for [October 3](./2025-10-03-mom-faq-tf.md) | Tobie |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last TF call | Tobie |
|  10 | Status update ([roadmap][]) | Tobie |
|  15 | Website is live | Tobie |
|  20 | FAQ as a channel with the Commission | Tobie |
|  25 | FAQ content roadmap | Tobie |
|  30 | | |
|  35 | | |
|  40 | | |
|  45 | | |
|  50 | | |
|  55 | AOB | |

## Pending action items
- None

## Participants

Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen)
Timo Per√§l√§ (Nokia)
Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)
Jakub Zelenka (PHP Foundation)
Jordan Maris (OSI)
Katherine Dundes (UC Law San Francisco)
Aeva Black (NullPoint Studio)
Simon Phipps (Chair, Spec Cttee & Software Heritage)

## Minutes

### Welcome & approve agenda

### Approve minutes for October 3

- [October 3 minutes](./2025-10-03-mom-faq-tf.md) approved

### Pending action items from last TF call

- None

### Status update

- [Roadmap][roadmap]

### Website is live

* Presentation of https://cra.orcwg.org/

### FAQ as a channel with the Commission

* Discussed how to use the pending guidance section to get clarity from both the Commission and through the CRA Expert Group.

### FAQ content roadmap

* Explanation of content roadmap: approach FAQs per category on a weekly cadence until FOSDEM.

### AOB

- [ ] Create a [high-priority label](high-priority label https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/labels/high-priority) for FAQs which should be prioretized.

[roadmap]: https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/issues/262
