---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task force: FAQ TF
Document type: Minutes
Status: ✅ Approved
Date: 2025-10-03
---

##  Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve agenda | Tobie |
|   3 | Approve minutes for [September 19](./2025-09-19-mom-faq-tf.md) | Tobie |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last TF call | Tobie |
|  10 | Status update ([roadmap][]) | Tobie |
|  15 | | |
|  20 | | |
|  25 | | |
|  30 | | |
|  35 | | |
|  40 | | |
|  45 | | |
|  50 | | |
|  55 | AOB | |

## Participants

* Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen)
* Timo Perälä (Nokia)
* Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)
* Jordan Maris (OSI)

## Minutes

### Welcome & approve agenda

* Approved, no AOBs

### Approve minutes for September 5

* September 19 ([PR](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/178))  
* Approved and merged

### Pending action items from last TF call

* None

### Status update

* Short status update shared by Tobie

### AOBs

- Discussed [issue #71](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/issues/71)


[roadmap]: https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/issues/262
