 **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Cyber Resilience SIG - FAQ Task Force

###  18 April 2025
##  Agenda
 Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/79) | Tobie | 5 |
| How do we manage the tension between providing input to the Commission and creating an FAQ? | Tobie | 15 |
| Do we breakdown the questions that we receive or do we leave them as is?  | Tobie | 15 |
| How can we merge faster and earlier? | Tobie | 15 |
| AOB | | 5 |

## Notes

Attendance was very low due to public holiday in Europe. Meeting was adjourned. None of the agenda was covered.
