---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task Force: FAQ TF
Document Type: Minutes
Status: üìù Draft
Date: 2025-08-22
---

##  Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve agenda | Tobie |
|   3 | Approve minutes for [May 2](./2025-05-02-mom-faq-tf.md), [16](./2025-05-16-mom-faq-tf.md), and [30](./2025-05-30-mom-faq-tf.md), [June 13](./2025-06-13-mom-faq-tf.md) and [27](./2025-06-27-mom-faq-tf.md), and [July 22](./2025-07-22-mom-faq-tf.md) meetings | Tobie |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last TF call | Tobie |
|  10 | Plan of action for the FAQ | Tobie |
|  15 |  |  |
|  20 |  | |
|  25 |  | |
|  30 |  | |
|  35 |  | |
|  40 |  | |
|  45 |  | |
|  50 |  | |
|  55 | AOB | |

## Pending action items
- None.

## Attendees

* Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen/Eclipse Foundation)  
* Mathias Schindler (GitHub)  
* Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)
* Jakub Zelenka (PHP Foundation)  
* Gerardo Lisboa (ESOP & INFO-CARE)  
* Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)

## Minutes

### Approve minutes from past meetings

* Minutes from past meetings were approved with one abstention and no objections.  
* Tobie will rebase and merge relevant PRs

### Plan of action for the FAQ  

The plan of action described at https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/issues/262 was presented by Tobie and discussed with the TF.

### Action items

- [X] Tobie to merge PR which approves past minutes

