---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task Force: FAQ TF
Document Type: Minutes
Status: ⚠️ Draft
Date: 2025-06-13
---

##  Agenda

| Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approve minutes for May 2, May 16, and May 30 meetings | Tobie | 5 |
| Status update |  |  |
| Discussion about [open source workstrand of the CRA Expert Group](../../#cra-expert-group) | Tobie |  |
| AOB | | 5 |

## Attendees

* Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen/Eclipse)  
* Timo Perälä (Nokia)  
* Jakub Zelenka (PHP Foundation)  
* Sal Kimmich (GadflyAI)  
* Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)  
* Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF))  
* Georg Kunz (Ericsson)

## Notes

### Approve minutes for May 2, May 16, and May 30 meetings (Tobie)

* Minutes of past calls still not ready.

### Status update

* Not discussed.

### Discussion about open source workstrand of the CRA Expert Group (Tobie)

* Update on the work of the CRA Expert Group and its relationship to the FAQ was provided.  
* CRA Expert Group open source workstrand is focused on providing input to the Commission on the open source Guidance the commission will publish  
* This guidance will have similar legal standing as the recitals in the CRA  
* FAQ serves as input to this work  
* The guidance is for market authorities, judges, etc., it will be hard to parse for our constituencies  
* Makes the FAQ work even more valuable as a result  
* The guidance is going to clarify a lot of the issues we raised  
* The FAQ should leverage this to provide answers in layperson terms, possibly sourcing them by pointing to guidance.

### AOB

* White paper on open source project types was discussed  
  * <https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/deliverables.md\#34-white-paper-on-types-of-open-source-projects>
  * <https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/240>

## Action items

- None