---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task Force: FAQ TF
Document Type: Minutes
Status: ⚠️ Draft
Date: 2025-05-16
---

##  Agenda

| Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approve minutes for May 2 meeting | Tobie | 5 |
| Do we want a general policy on providing sources? | Tobie | 15 |
| AOB | | 5 |

## Attendees

* Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen/ Eclipse foundation)  
* Roman Zhukov (RedHat)  
* Olle E. Johansson (Edvina / OWASP)  
* Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)  
* Dirk-Willem van Gulik (ASF) 	  
* Timo Perälä (Nokia)

## Minutes

* Approve minutes for May 2  
  * Next call (they’re not ready yet)  
* CRA Hub / build system for FAQ:  
  * In progress, Tobie to follow-up next call  
* Do we want a general policy on providing sources  
  * Our FAQ should be opinionated, reflecting best practices  
  * It should be educational, so focused on the audience, no legalese  
  * EF Executive support to be opinionated  
  * **Dirk as ASF**: very comfortable saying what is good practices, setting industry standards, etc.  
    * Risk of referencing external legal texts  
    * Should err towards defining what are good practices, rather than doing so by referencing external standards and legal texts  
  * Resources should address both needs  
  * Summary:  
    * Focus on educational content for a non-legal audience  
    * Provide source where those make sense  
    * Separate source from content in a way that presents ORC content as authoritative and allows folks to find more information and sources if they want to dig deeper  
    * Don’t be afraid to base answer on ORCWG members best current practise, but try to make it clear that this is not referring to the CRA but inferred from the CRA  
* Urgent issue: How do we close issues where discussions keep going \- make a PR and keep the issue open for next version of the FAQ?  
  * If an FAQ Maintainer finds a question with a clear answer  
    * Do not try to answer all questions in the issue, move them to a separate issue or keep issue open  
    * Create pull request  
    * Discuss pull request, get approval from another FAQ maintainer  
    * Merge pull request \- it can be changed later  
    * Remember: “Best enemy of the good”  
* Dissemination  
  * “Best enemy of the good”  
* AOB  
  * Maybe CRA FAQ office hours once a month \- “ask anything”
  * Different types of audiences for the FAQ (to be discussed):
    * leadership in open source and leadership in open source using SMEs that place products on the EU market.  
    * the IT industry in general; and regulators by extension \- as to learn what is industry "normal"  
    * Open source maintainers with an organization backing them \- commercial or non-profit  
    * Open source maintainers that are working independently
    

## Action items

- None.



