---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task Force: FAQ TF
Document Type: Minutes
Status: ⚠️ Draft
Date: 2025-05-02
---

##  Agenda

| Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approve minutes for [April 4](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/79) and [April 18](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/80) meetings | Tobie | 5 |
| How do we manage the tension between providing input to the Commission and creating an FAQ? | Tobie | 15 |
| Do we breakdown the questions that we receive or do we leave them as is?  | Tobie | 15 |
| How can we merge faster and earlier? | Tobie | 15 |
| AOB | | 5 |


## Attendees

* Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen/Eclipse Foundation)  
* Daniel Thompson-Yvetot (Tauri)  
* Roman Zhukov (Red Hat)  
* Jordan Maris (OSI)  
* Dirk-Willem van Gulik (ASF)  
* Victor ROLAND (OBEO)  
* Maarten Aertsen (NLnet Labs foundation)  
* Pedro Demolder (Timelex / CRACY)  
* Jakub Zelenka (The PHP Foundation)  
* Georg Kunz (Ericsson)

## Notes

* Approve minutes for [April 4](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/79) and [April 18](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/80) meetings  
  * Agreement to approve minutes but we need to discuss how the work is split as theres confusion  
* Discuss how the work is split  
  * Same group of people can work on multiple categories  
  * We won’t modify categories just now, but will revisit them as we move forward and start addressing questions  
* How do we manage the tension between providing input to the Commission and creating an FAQ  
  * Tobie to create index of all of the issues that need to be addressed by the commission  
* Do we breakdown the questions that we receive or do we leave them as is?  
  * We beaking questions down into chunks is the way to go  
  * FAQ table  
* How can we merge faster and earlier?  
  * Tobie to change the process to remove SIG review as step and make this lighter (peer review for complex cases, and personnel judgement otherwise)  
  * Focus first on moving all of the issues in triage to identify the question and add at least the question to faq.md  
* AOB


  
## Action items

- None.

