---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task force: FAQ TF
Document type: Minutes
Status: âœ… Approved
Date: 2025-07-25
---

##  Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve agenda | Tobie |
|   3 | Approve minutes for [May 2](./2025-05-02-mom-faq-tf.md), [16](./2025-05-16-mom-faq-tf.md), and [30](./2025-05-30-mom-faq-tf.md), and [June 13](./2025-06-13-mom-faq-tf.md) and [27](./2025-06-27-mom-faq-tf.md) meetings | |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last TF call | |
|  10 | TF status update ([Project board](https://github.com/orgs/orcwg/projects/7)) | TF leads |
|  20 | Making contributing easier: [Contribution Guide](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/issues/251), [Simplifying the status system](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/issues/249), and [rearchitecturing](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/issues/250) to split markup from content and improve maintainability. | |
|  35 |  | |
|  40 |  | |
|  45 |  | |
|  50 |  | |
|  55 | AOB | |

## Pending action items
- None.

## Attendees
- Juan Rico (EF)
- Jakub Zelenka (PHP Foundation)
- Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)
- Mathias Schindler (GitHub, Developer Policy)


## Notes
- There were not enough people in the call to approve pending minutes
- It was presented the approach to make an additional push in the FAQ to move from the current version to a more friendly consumable one.
- It was proposed to create a category for distributors:
  - Package distribution
  - Extension distribution 
- Next meeting is scheduled for Aug. 8th
