 **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Cyber Resilience SIG - FAQ Task Force

###  4 April 2025
##  Agenda
 Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| FAQ timeline | Tobie | 5 |
| [FAQ maturity level process](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/blob/main/faq.md#annex-1---maturity-level-process) | Tobie | 10 |
| [FAQ Project board](https://github.com/orgs/orcwg/projects/7) | Tobie | 15 |
| Split-up the work | Tobie | 20 |
| Decide on meeting cadence | Tobie | 5 |
| AOB | | 5 |


## Apr 4, 2025 | [FAQ Task Force](https://www.google.com/calendar/event?eid=NDJybzZmaW9zamlpZ2xoaXVvMDJrYzgxZjlfMjAyNTA0MDRUMTEzMDAwWiB0b2JpZS5sYW5nZWxAZWNsaXBzZS1mb3VuZGF0aW9uLm9yZw)

## Attendees: 

* Tobie Langel \[tobie\] (Eclipse/UnlockOpen)  
* Roman Zhukov (Red Hat)  
* Dick Brooks (Business Cyber Guardian)  
* Salve J. Nilsen \[sjn\] (CPANSec)  
* Paolo Vecchi (The Document Foundation/Luxembourg OSPO)  
* Jakub Zelenka \[bukka\] (The PHP Foundation)  
* Olle E. Johansson \[oej\] (Edvina/OWASP)  
* Maarten Aertsen \[maertsen\] (NLnet Labs foundation)  
* Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)  
* Götz Görisch \[GoetzGoerisch\] \- (Verein Deutscher Werkzeugmaschinenfabriken e.V. / German Machine Tools builders association)  
* Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF))  
* Dirk-Willem van Gulik \[dirkx\] (Apache Software Foundation)  
* Timo Perälä (Nokia)  
* Jordan Maris \[jmaris\] (OSI)  
* Victor Roland (Obeo)  
* Sal Kimmich

## Agenda:

[https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/faq-task-force/2025-04-04-mom-faq-tf.md](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/faq-task-force/2025-04-04-mom-faq-tf.md)

## Notes:

- FAQ timeline:  
  - Target date for a v1.0 release of the FAQ \- end of May  
  - Document should list contributors and members of the ORCWG  
- Maturity level  
  - Processes to be documented:  
    - How to use GH  
    - SIG review process (async)  
    - Publication process  
- FAQ Project Board  
  - Updating category names is possible, to do it we will use issues to discuss the proposal.  
- Split-up the work  
  - Subgroups   
    - The CRA itself \-   
      - Oej  
      - Jordan  
      - sjn  
      - Victor  
    - Open source projects & Maintainers \-  
      - Oej,   
      - Sal   
      - Dirk-Willem van Gulik  
      - Sjn  
      - Jakub  
    - Maintainers \-  
      - Sal  
      - Oej  
      - Jakub  
    - Stewards \-  
      - Roman  
      - sjn  
      - maertsen  
      - Dirk-Willem van Gulik  
    - Manufacturers \-   
      - Roman,   
      - oej  
      - Victor  
      - Dirk-Willem van Gulik (from a Steward grey area perspective)  
      - Timo  
    - EU legislation \- Other EU legislation different from the CRA itself   
      - Jordan  
      - Victor  
    - Standards  
      - Jordan,   
      - Timo  
    - Critical and important products \-  
      - Jakub  
  - Organization  
    - Friday slot every other week scheduled.  
    - No additional slack channels for this activity for now

## Action items

- [x] ~~Section in Doc for Contributors~~  
- [x] ~~CONTRIBUTORS document update in merge guideline~~  
- [x] ~~Add github identities to meeting notes attendance list~~

