---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task Force: FAQ TF
Document Type: Minutes
Status: üìù Draft
Date: 2025-09-05
---

##  Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve agenda | Tobie |
|   3 | Approve minutes for [August 22](./2025-08-22-mom-faq-tf.md) | Tobie |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last TF call | Tobie |
|  10 | Discuss [proposed FAQ format][format] ([example][]) and [repository structure][struct] ([example][struct-example]) | Tobie |
|  15 | | |
|  20 | Discuss [simplified status][status] and [FAQ lifecycle][lifecycle] | Tobie |
|  25 | | |
|  30 | Discuss [proposed goals][goals] | Tobie |
|  35 | | |
|  40 | Discuss [FAQ review process][review] | Tobie |
|  45 | | |
|  50 | | |
|  55 | AOB | |

## Pending action items
- [X] Tobie to merge PR which approves past minutes

## Attendees

* Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen/Eclipse Foundation)  
* Martin von Willebrand (Double Open)  
* Roman Zhukov (Red Hat)  
* Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)  
* Mathias Schindler (GitHub)  
* Jakub Zelenka (PHP Foundation)  
* Timo Per√§l√§ (Nokia)  
* Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF))

## Minutes

### Welcome & approve agenda

* agenda approved

### Approve minutes for August 22

* [August 22](./2025-08-22-mom-faq-tf.md) ([PR](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/171))  
* Minutes approved

### Pending action items from last TF call

* Merged previous minutes

### Discuss proposed FAQ format and repository structure

* [proposed FAQ format][format] ([example][])
* [repository structure][struct] ([example][struct-example])
* Suggestion to setup GH action that modify the front-matter to make more data/info available in the repository itself or to update related issues.  
* Care must be taken to identify which source is authoritative (and maybe use dedicated keys for automatically updated fields  
* In summary, the proposed format and file structure seem appropriate, and GH actions can be a way to improve the contributor experience in the future

### Discuss simplified status and FAQ lifecycle

* [simplified status][status] and [FAQ lifecycle][lifecycle]
* Overall the simplified lifecycle seems to be easier to work with.  
* However, it might be a little too simple. Notably, what happens if an approved answer needs an edit?  
* Suggestion here is to build solutions as we need them, not complexify things too much upfront (or we risk ending up in the same mess we were in previously).  
* Also worth noting that a number of those concerns can be addressed through surfacing information or edit buttons in the website, rather than on GH.

### Discuss proposed goals

* [proposed goals][goals] 
* We weren‚Äôt able to address this topic during the call, suggestion is to discuss it in the [PR][].

### Discuss FAQ review process

* [FAQ review process][review]
* We weren‚Äôt able to address this topic during the call, suggestion is to discuss it in the [PR][].

### AOB

* None discussed.



[PR]: https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/272
[format]: https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/blob/tobie-faq-revamp/faq/README.md#file-format
[example]: https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/blob/tobie-faq-revamp/faq/cra.md
[struct]: https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/blob/tobie-faq-revamp/faq/README.md#format
[struct-example]: https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/tree/tobie-faq-revamp/faq
[status]: https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/blob/tobie-faq-revamp/faq/README.md#maturity-level
[lifecycle]: https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/tree/tobie-faq-revamp/faq/README.md#lifecycle
[review]: https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/tree/tobie-faq-revamp/faq/README.md#review
[goals]: https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/tree/tobie-faq-revamp/faq/README.md#goals
