---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task Force: FAQ TF
Document Type: Minutes
Status: ⚠️ Draft
Date: 2025-06-13
---

##  Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve agenda | Tobie |
|   3 | Approve minutes for [May 2](./2025-05-02-mom-faq-tf.md), [16](./2025-05-16-mom-faq-tf.md), and [30](./2025-05-30-mom-faq-tf.md) and [June 13](./2025-06-13-mom-faq-tf.md) meetings | Tobie |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last TF call | Tobie |
|  10 |  | |
|  15 | TF status update ([Project board](https://github.com/orgs/orcwg/projects/7)) | TF leads |
|  20 |  | |
|  25 |  | |
|  30 |  | |
|  35 |  | |
|  40 |  | |
|  45 |  | |
|  50 |  | |
|  55 | AOB | |

## Pending action items

- [X] Catch-up on updating minutes

## Attendees

* Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen/Eclipse foundation)
* Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)
* Timo Perälä (Nokia)
* Victor Roland (Obeo)
* Vaishali Avhad (Self employed OSS Compliance expert)
* Mathias Schindler (GitHub)

## Minutes

### Approve past minutes  

* Decision not to approve past minutes because there aren’t enough people on the call.

### Pending action items:  

- [x] Catch-up on preparing past minutes for approval. Done.
  
###  TF status update
  
- Some work done this week by Jordan. Unsure how much. Was hoping he'd be on the call. 
- No other progress update.

### AOB  

  * Question what are the next steps  
    * Hard to answer clearly right now  
    * Simplify contribution process to avoid the effort stalling  
    * Need for a build step to separate contribution from distribution  
    * Clearer, documented process for approving FAQs and answers  
    * Need for an editorial role to move effort forward
    * Clarifying and documenting intended audience, purpose of FAQ, how much they should be sourced, etc.  
  * Related comments  
    * It's hard to understand how to contribute  
    * It's hard to understand where contributions end up  
    * What shape of document do we want to achieve? Is it guidelines for developers?  
    * What style of writing should be adopt? Are we sounding too lawyerly?  
    * Are there only developers that will read this document?
  * Meeting ajourned after 30 minutes as people were leaving for the ETSI call


