---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task Force: Vulnerability Handling TF
Document Type: Minutes
Status: ✅ Approved
Date: 2025-08-14
---

##  Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics | 
| -- | ----- | 
|   0 | Welcome & approve agenda | 
|   5 | Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting  https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/151|
|  10 | White paper Status https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150  |
|  15 |  |
|  20 |  |
|  25 |  |
|  30 |  |
|  35 |  |
|  40 |  | 
|  45 |  Key messages to engage with new participants|
|  50 |  | 
|  55 | AOB | 

## Actions from the previous meeting
- [x] Send an email to the mailing list to encourage community members to contribute to the white paper
- [x] Share the feedback to PT3 more broadly to invite those with access to do it to follow the same lines in what relates to open source

## Participants
- Juan Rico (EF)
- Mark Thomas (ASF)
- Æva Black [Null Point Studio]
- Mathias Schindler (GitHub, Developer Policy)
- Marta Rybczynska (EF)
- Timo Perälä (Nokia)
- Jakub Zelenka (PHP Foundation)
- Daniel Thompson (Tauri)
- Jeremy Stanley (Spec Committee, OpenInfra Foundation, SPI)
- Ria Farrell Schalnat (HPE & our open source projects)
- Becky Harper (Seagate)
- Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)
- Alistair Woodman (EEF)

## Notes
### Approval of the minutes
- Approved - will be merged after the meeting

### White paper Status
- New version available in this PR https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150
- The current document includes different categories:
  - Security Policy
  - Collaboration with market surveillance authorities
  - Mandatory reporting of exploited vulnerabilities and security incidents
  - Informing users about exploited vulnerabilities and security incidents
  - Voluntary vulnerability reporting
  - A policy to develop secure products
  - A policy to effectively handle vulnerabilities
- Everyone to review the content to find 
- It will be created a single PR to facilitate reviewing and contributing to the current work

### Key messages to engage with new participants
- The EF wants to work in two 2 areas of work:
  - Onboarding of new members
  - Simple digestible materials to engage with our activities.

- Feedback from the community to be considered:
  - Select audiences and opportunities to engage with them, how the different actors in the open source community reacts to the CRA. The lack of awareness.
  - Different levels of materials, reduce the friction for newcomers:
    - Simple messaging before the in depth content we have in GitHub.
    - Better overview to simlify those joining GitHub.
  - Take into account the timeline of events related to the CRA to provide effective support to the largest open source Community.
  - Promote ORC WG visibility and specific activities our community members will be implementing (meet us + talk promotion)

- It was explained the current status of CEN/CENELC PT3 and why this White Paper was created in the first place. We are filling gaps and creating materials that can help us to increase the engagement both with the Open Source Community and the institutions as well.

### AOB
None

