---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task Force: Vulnerability Handling TF
Document Type: Minutes
Status: ⚠️ Draft
Date: 2025-06-19
---

##  Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve agenda | Tobie |
|   5 | Intros | |
|  10 | Present [TF scope][TF] | Tobie |
|  15 |  | |
|  20 | Discuss [PT 3 Annex contribution][deliverable-2-4] | |
|  25 |  | |
|  30 |  | |
|  35 |  | |
|  40 |  | |
|  45 | Discuss other possible TF deliverables | |
|  50 |  | |
|  55 | AOB | |

## Attendees

* Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen/Eclipse Foundation)  
* Lars Francke (Stackable)  
* Olle E. Johansson (OWASP/Edvina)  
* Faidon Liambotis (Freexian)  
* Santiago Ruano (Freexian, Debian \- LTS team)  
* Timo Perälä (Nokia)  
* Marta Rybczynska (Eclipse Foundation, Security Team)  
* Arnout Engelen (Apache software foundation)  
* Mikael Barbero (Eclipse Foundation, Head of security)  
* Salve J Nilsen (CPANsec)  
* Jeremy Stanley (Spec Committee, OpenInfra Foundation, SPI)  
* Dick Brooks  
* Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation)  
* Georg Kunz (Ericsson)

## Notes

### Welcome & approve agenda

* Agenda approved

### Intros

* round table of intros

### Present TF

* Presented the TF as discussed here: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig

### Discuss PT 3 Annex contribution

* Provided some high-level context  
* First draft of PT 3 standard approved for first internal review at CEN/CENELEC this week  
* Not public yet  
* Public consultation period in Q4 via NSBs
  * If you want to review and respond on the public review, register in your country
* Mostly based on ISO 29147 and ISO 30111  
* Requested to write a section on open source software stewards, first as clause 4.4 then as an annex, now both were canceled   
* When contributing to a standards org, you loose control  
* Supportive of creating informative information about open source software stewards  
* This should be done in general, not with a particular standard in mind  
* We need to provide guidance both to Open Source projects out there (with or without stewards) and to manufacturers  
* Need to create concrete realistic outcomes and avoid harming the ecosystem  
* Need to focus on how manufacturers can assist open source projects  
* Don’t put any additional obligation on open source or stewards  
* TF agrees to cancel contribution to annex C

### Discuss other possible TF deliverables

* A document describing the role and obligation of stewards?  
  * One person feels its valuable  
* ideas:  
  * Best current practise for SBOM in open source projects  
  * Describing the relation between open source projects and manufacturers in regards to vuln management  
  * What other topics should this TF address?

### AOB		

* Which slack channel is used by this group?  
  * Tobie to create channel
* Agree to meet every other week
* Homerwork for next call is to start defining the TF’s deliverables. In the next call, we’ll either work through the list and prioritize it or we’ll dig into the selected deliverables depending on the progress we make asynchronous.  
* SIG deliverables for reference: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/deliverables.md


[TF]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#vulnerability-handling-tf
[PT 3 liaison notes]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig/coordination/cen-cenelec-wg-9
[deliverable-2-2]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/coordination/cen-cenelec-wg-9/deliverable-2-2.md
[deliverable-2-4]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/coordination/cen-cenelec-wg-9/deliverable-2-4.md