---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task Force: Vulnerability Handling TF
Document Type: Minutes
Status: ⚠️ Draft
Date: 2025-07-17
---

##  Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics | 
| --: | ----- | 
|   0 | Welcome & approve agenda | 
|   5 | Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting [PR](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/145) |
|  10 | Discuss structure and contributions to the  Open Source Software Stewards and CRA Whitepaper |
|  15 |  |
|  20 |   |
|  25 |   |
|  30 |   |
|  35 |  Discuss Feedback to CEN/CENELEC PT3 |
|  40 |  | 
|  45 |  |
|  50 |  | 
|  55 | AOB | 

## Participants
- Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)
- Jakub Zelenka (PHP Foundation)
- Roman Zhukov (Red Hat)
- Daniel Thompson-Yvetot (Tauri)
- Jeremy Stanley (Spec Committee, OpenInfra Foundation, SPI)
- Marta Rybczynska (Eclipse Foundation)

## Actions from the previous meeting
- [X] Marta to trigger the discussion in GitHub via a new page - ref [PR](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/146)

## Notes
###  Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting 
  - Marked as approved and merged.

### Open Source Software Stewards and CRA Whitepaper
The first draft has been created by Marta and it is available [here](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150/files)

Feedback received during the call:
  - Area to exploit - Clear explanation of the difference between Open source stewards and open source communities  
  - Since the definitions were pointed out as one topic for the white paper, the possibility of working on definitions in a coordinated way with the people participating in the Standardisation efforts appeared as an opportunity, mainly WG9 CEN/CENELEC 
  - To include examples could be useful, just need to align its value for clarifying specific aspects.
  
Actions for the community (to be summarised in the next SIG Call on Monday):
 - Review and link resources already developed in the WG, like the FAQ and the inventory
 - Checking the definitions
 - Call for contributors

After this first phase is completed, the next steps:
  - Narrative structure that simplifies the understanding of readers.

### CEN/CENELEC PT3 Feedback 
- Feedback open until the 4th August.
- Key elements:
  - Listing of manufacturers for all components
  - Suppliers vs open source components
- To be confirmed if it is possible to work into a doc with context, plus the excerpt of the standards to be discussed with the broader community.

## Actions

- [ ] Provide feedback to the current structure
- [ ] Define open source stewards vs open source communities easy guide to know where you are.
- [ ] Explore how ORC can help in contributing to consolidating the language
