---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task Force: Vulnerability Handling TF
Document Type: Minutes
Status: ⚠️ Draft
Date: 2025-07-31
---

##  Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics | 
| --: | ----- | 
|   0 | Welcome & approve agenda | 
|   5 | Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting  https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/151|
|  10 | White paper Status https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150  |
|  15 |  |
|  20 |   |
|  25 |   |
|  30 |   |
|  35 |  Feedback to CEN/CENELEC PT3 https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/157 |
|  40 |  | 
|  45 |  |
|  50 |  | 
|  55 | AOB | 

### Attendees
- Juan Rico (EF)
- Jeremy Stanley (Spec Committee, OpenInfra Foundation, SPI)
- Æva Black 
- Faidon Liambotis (Freexian)
- Marta Rybczynska (Eclipse Foundation)
- Ria Ferrel Schalnat
- Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation)
- Dirk-Willem van Gulik (Apache Software Foundation)

## Notes
### Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting 
 - Minutes were approved and merged.

### Open Source Stewards and the CRA white paper
 - There has been a reorganisation of the content, adding references.
 - Still more contributions are required.
 - It is requested to comment and contribute directly in  https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150 or through the mailing list.
 - A reminder will be sent to the mailing list, and the topic will be covered in the next SIG calls. 

### Feedback to CEN/CENELEC WG9 PT3 - Vulnerability handling
The following aspects have been flagged in the different feedback:
- ISO/IEC 29147 standard doesn’t include the same actors as the CRA recognises; it equates “open source project” and “vendor”, which is not aligned to the CRA.
- Since PT3 needs to cover the set of actors listed in the CRA, and this is the latest ISO standard on coordinated vulnerability response, PT3 must augment this ISO standard in some way to address open source projects and stewards.
- Support for the identification of open source components in the SBOMs.
- More details can be found here https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/157

### AOB
None

## Actions from the previous meeting
- [ ] Send an email to the mailing list to encourage community members to contribute to the white paper
- [ ] Share the feedback to PT3 more broadly to invite those with access to do it to follow the same lines in what relates to open source

### Next Meeting
- August 14 - 15.00 CEST - 13.00 UTC
