---
Committee: Steering Committee
Document Type: Minutes
Status: ✅ Approved
Date: 2025-05-15
Approved: 2025-06-12
---

# AGENDA

| Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approval of the [minutes of the previous ORC Steering Committee call](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wsh4lOhpnoFBFlSKi3fep2VfMiBRiyLSyRp7lc5NY2o/edit?usp=sharing) | Juan | 5 |
| Working Group Status Update | Juan | 10 |
| Launch of the first set of deliverables. | Juan | 15 |
| CRA Expert Group meeting plan (June 4th). | Juan/Tobie | 20 |
| AOB | All | 5 |

**Quorum \- 50% of Representatives / \>50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote**  
 

# ATTENDEES

## Steering Committee Members

- [ ] Mercedes-Benz:  Daniel Dilger (Primary)  
- [x] Nokia: Timo Perala (Primary)  
- [x] Huawei: Adrian O’Sullivan (Primary)  
- [x] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)  
- [x] Dirk-Willem van Gulik, Apache Software Foundation (Elected Foundation)  
- [ ] Roberto Di Cosmo, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation)

## Eclipse Foundation Staff

- [x] Tobie Langel \- join at 17:00  
- [ ] Sharon Corbett  
- [x] Juan Rico  
- [x] Shanda Giacomoni

# MINUTES

## Quorum: 

Quorum reached 15:35

### Notes:

Minutes of the previous meeting were approved with no objections.

### Working Group Status Update

* The working group currently has 47 members, with a few membership opportunities expected to finalize soon.  
* Feedback from the European Commission meeting highlighted two key areas:  
  * Inclusion of open source hardware within the ORC scope: We are engaging with the open hardware community to assess feasibility and alignment.  
  * Standardization efforts: Key contacts were provided to aid this process. Regarding standardization, two points were discussed:  
    * Concerns from CEN/CENELC about adopting unvalidated draft documents. The agreed workaround is to share document excerpts.  
    * The absence of consumer association involvement in standards development.  
* Coordinating contributions to ESOs is an ongoing initiative based on:  
  * Establishing a shared GitHub space to identify relevant actors.  
  * Sharing meeting highlights in a non-attributable format.  
  * Reporting progress in the SIG for improved understanding and alignment.

### Launch of the first set of deliverables.

This topic was not covered in the meeting and will be commented in the next SIG call.

### CRA Expert Group meeting plan

- The agenda is available here: [link](https://ec.europa.eu/transparency/expert-groups-register/screen/meetings/consult?lang=en).  
- The initial sessions will focus on reporting the activities of various work streams.  
- Later, the meeting will address how the CRA interacts with other regulations and bodies like EUCC and RED.  
  - Regarding EUCC, ENISA's presentation will be based on their study found here: [link](https://certification.enisa.europa.eu/publications/cyber-resilience-act-implementation-eucc-and-its-applicable-technical-elements_en).  
  - It's important to review this report to see if ORC wants to make a statement and ensure it's recorded in the meeting minutes.  
- The agenda will be shared with the mailing list to start a discussion via email. If this becomes complicated, other options will be considered.  
- During the conversation, it was mentioned the feedback request from the European Commission about AI (details [here](https://digital-strategy.ec.europa.eu/en/news/commission-seeks-input-clarify-rules-general-purpose-ai-models)), however, given the tight deadline, it was decided not to go for it.

### AOB

- Due to issues with Jitsi recordings, it was proposed to temporarily use Zoom while exploring open-source alternatives. Recommendations include informing the mailing list about this temporary solution and actively exploring alternatives like Galene, which was mentioned as a competent option.

# Resolutions

The minutes of the 17-04-2025 meeting were approved.

## Next Meeting

June 12th \- 16.30

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_