# **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Steering Committee Meeting

###  6 February2025 \-

| Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approval of the MoM | Juan | 5 |
| Approval of the Program Plan v0.99  | Juan | 10 |
| Open discussion around the FOSDEM events  | Juan/Tobie | 35 |
| AOB | All | 5 |

**Quorum \- 50% of Representatives / \>50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote**  
 

# ATTENDEES

## Steering Committee Members

- [x] Mercedes-Benz:  Daniel Dilger (Primary), Tim Herres (Alternate)  
- [ ] Nokia: Timo Perala (Primary), Jonne Soininen (Alternate) *\-- Timo sent regrets prior to the meeting*  
- [x] Huawei: Adrian Oâ€™Sullivan (Primary)[^1]  
- [x] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)  
- [x] Dirk-Willem van Gulik, Apache Software Foundation (Elected Foundation)  
- [ ] Roberto Di Cosmo, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation)

## Eclipse Foundation Staff

- [ ] Gael Blondelle, Chief Membership Officer  
- [x] Sharon Corbett, Program Director, Industry Collaborations  
- [x] Juan Rico, Senior Program Manager  
- [x] Tobie Langel, ORC WG Tech Lead / UnlockOpen

# MINUTES

## Quorum: 

Quorum was achieved

## Approval of the MoM of the 2025-01-23 SC Call

Approved with no observations.

## ORC WG Program Plan

Move to an electronic vote.

## Open discussion around the FOSDEM events 

It was highlighted the good atmosphere and progress achieved during the workshop.  
The conversations will follow as part of the Github issues to leverage the good use of the platform.  
There will be a meeting to coordinate the next steps with the curation and organization of the content in it.  
It was referred to the Inno3 work available [here](https://code.inno3.eu/ouvert/guide-cra/-/blob/main/CNLL_inno3_Guide-CRA_VE_1.0.pdf?ref_type=heads) as a good starting point for understanding the personas.  
It is necessary to define a process to efficiently collect the feedback from the EC and integrate it into the WG work.

## AOB

There is ongoing work on creating marketing materials that can be shared by all WG members.  
It is also noted that the WG is requested to have collective communication, so it is not a matter of content generation but also maximising the impact of our activities.

# Resolutions

The minutes of the previous meeting were approved.

## Next Meeting

Next meeting will be on the 20th of February 16.30 CET

###  **Meeting Adjournment**

The meeting adjourned at 5:14 pm CET

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  


[^1]:  Arrive 15 min late