# **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Steering Committee Meeting

###  6 November, 2025 

| Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approval of the [minutes of the previous ORC Steering Committee call](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19BReWVWxdtJL_FOS3JMd5AZ81DZcuj_wzBW_iP-Z-3M/edit?usp=sharing)  | Juan | 5 |
| 2026 Program plan preparation ([link here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Z-a7W2GFNHKcwqCEz7B2HMDcRgjXCueCKQyZHu3nH7I/edit?slide=id.g3a008990660_0_9#slide=id.g3a008990660_0_9)) | Juan | 40 |
| CRA Expert Group update | Juan | 5 |
| Code & compliance event update | Juan & Shanda | 5 |
| AOB | All | 5 |

**Quorum \- 50% of Representatives / \>50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote**  
Quorum is 4 with 3 votes affirmative for simple majority  
 

# ATTENDEES

## Steering Committee Members

- [x] Mercedes-Benz:  Daniel Dilger (Primary), Tim Herres (Alternate)  
- [x] Nokia: Timo Perala (Primary), Jonne Soininen (Alternate)  
- [ ] Huawei: Adrian O’Sullivan (Primary)  
- [x] Red Hat: Roman Zhukov (Primary), Pavel Hruza (Alternate)  
- [x] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)  
- [x] Dirk-Willem van Gulik, Apache Software Foundation (Elected Foundation)  
- [ ] Roberto Di Cosmo, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation)

## Eclipse Foundation Staff

- [ ] Sharon Corbett  
- [x] Juan Rico  
- [x] Shanda Giacomoni  
- [x] Ciarán O'Riordan

# MINUTES

Meeting Chair: Timo Perälä

## Quorum: 

Quorum reached at 16:03

## Notes:

### Approval of the minutes of the previous Steering Committee meeting

Minutes from the previous steering committee meeting held on October  9th are marked as approved and will be uploaded to GitHub.

### Program Plan 

- The Proposed Program Plan was presented with the objective of addressing the different comments already provided in the available version [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Z-a7W2GFNHKcwqCEz7B2HMDcRgjXCueCKQyZHu3nH7I/edit?usp=sharing).  
- It was also presented the flow and relationship among the program and the financial plan, also mentioned the marketing plan. A preliminary version based on the candidate program plan currently under development will be shared shortly.  
- It was also mentioned that the program plan is aspirational and should reflect the objectives of the working group, but does not represent a commitment of delivering on every aspect included in the document.  
- As a result of the discussion, a [version v0.2](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1K3D_VjqmpPSLhmdTZbIWC5BXjgPosnU-vzoqmY6ENRM/edit?usp=sharing) will be made available to the Steering committee, addressing the key points discussed in the meeting:  
  - It has been included a table to facilitate the understanding on who is taking the leadership, or is expected to lead the different activities reflected in the program plan.  
  - It was agreed to move to the awareness section the role of the ambassadors and the participation in the events organised by the working group, originally included in the representativity pillar.  
  - In addition to the key work the WG is developing in the attestations domain, and its impact on the broader open source community, it was proposed to develop the due diligence activities in parallel since both aspects are interlinked.  
  - It was discussed the difference between OFE’s activities and the Public Policy Engagement Forum proposed in the ORC Charter:  
    - OFE is focused on coordinating the work and making sure that everyone has access to the key information.  
    - ORC is focused on the technical implementation aspects.  
  - Since in 2025 the WG has developed no activity around this body, it was agreed to reduce its weight in the program plan, and include the activities that will be done in the institutional engagement domain as preparatory for this body to become effective during 2027\.  
  - It The opportunity was presented to connect with the national bodies, as it happens in the EC, the general feeling is that open source is not well understood by the member states and this is an opportunity for the Working Group, to increase our engagement with them (supporting and sharing our concerns).  
  - It was also presented the objective of the engagement with ENISA, with a clear initial focus on the work on SBOMs, but with the intention of taking that cooperation further, especially with the vulnerability reporting platform if the opportunity appears.  
  - We discussed the opportunities to grow the diversity of the working group and the opportunity moves in two directions:  
    - Open source actors we haven’t engaged with yet \- openSSF, FSFE…  
    - Other industries that are using open source, but they do not understand well the implications under the CRA.  
  - It was requested to include an objective for revenue growth in the program plan in addition to the number of members. The group agreed on doubling revenue as we are planning to double the number of members.  
  - The last point addressed in the discussion was the split of responsibilities and expected contributions from the Eclipse Foundation, WG members and the open source community.  
- It was agreed that, the [updated version](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1K3D_VjqmpPSLhmdTZbIWC5BXjgPosnU-vzoqmY6ENRM/edit?usp=sharing) will be shared by email with the whole steering Committee, to agree on the content included in it. As a second step, we will define the metrics that will be used to measure the success of the WG. If we need another meeting before the next steering committee, we will organise it.  
- The other points in the agenda will be shared by email as well (CRA EG, and Code and compliance preparation).

### AOB

- No time for AOBs

### Adjournment

17:17

# Resolutions

The minutes of the Steering Committee meeting held on October 9th were approved.

## Supporting materials

## Next Meeting

**Not set \- Proposed by email 4th Dec 16.00 CET \- 15.00 UTC**  
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_