---
Committee: Steering Committee
Document type: Minutes
Status: ✅ Approved
Date: 2025-04-17
---

# **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Steering Committee Meeting

###  17 April, 2025 

| Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approval of the [minutes of the previous ORC Steering Committee call](./2025-03-20-MoM-orcwg-steering-committee.md) | Sharon | 5 |
| Membership Status and retrospective first 6 months of ORC | Open Forum | 20 |
| Outreach and communication activities | Shanda | 10 |
| Events | Shanda | 10 |
| AOB | All | 5 |

**Quorum \- 50% of Representatives / \>50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote**  
 

# ATTENDEES

## Steering Committee Members

- [x] Mercedes-Benz:  Daniel Dilger (Primary)  
- [x] Nokia: Timo Perala (Primary)  
- [x] Huawei: Adrian O’Sullivan (Primary)  
- [x] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)  
- [x] Dirk-Willem van Gulik, Apache Software Foundation (Elected Foundation)  
- [x] Roberto Di Cosmo, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation) *Leaving at 16:50*

## Eclipse Foundation Staff

- [x] Tobie Langel  
- [x] Sharon Corbett  
- [ ] Juan Rico  
- [x] Shanda Giacomoni

Guests

- [x] Roman Zhukov, Red Hat

# MINUTES

## Quorum: 

Quorum reached.

### Welcome:

Sharon welcomed everyone to the meeting today in Juan’s absence.  Sharon Corbett is Chair/Moderator for today’s meeting.  
Sharon also welcomed Roman Zhukov of Red Hat, joining as a Guest Member today.

### Minutes of the previous meeting

Minutes of the March 20 2025 Meeting Approved  
Timo Moved, Adrian Seconded  
No objections 

### Retrospective first 6 months of ORC \- see PDF of slides presented [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1J168QhREmJiAmMteskyjl4STNpW8OXY8/view?usp=sharing)

* Sharon reviewed the Membership Status as of the end of March.  The Working Group welcomed four new members; Clever Cloud SAS, Debian France, Drupal Association and Ferrous Systems GmbH.  
* Tobie walked through the updates on the Deliverable Plan, Operations, Standardization and Increasing Activities around CRA Mondays and Webinars.  Juan will be giving a webinar on April 28th “Unpacking the CRA: How the open source community is collaborating in the Open Regulatory Compliance WG to address the CRA”, at 03:00 PM \- 04:00 PM CEST.  Recording and presentation materials will be shared following the call.  
* Shanda updated on the Resources for Members under development (ORC intro deck and key messaging),  Outreach and Communication efforts as well as upcoming planned events both virtual and in-person (Maintainers Month Panel with GitHub proposed), Global Collaboration Wallets and Credentials July in Geneva with Dataspace Working Group; Fall Community Day/Workshop.  These updates were very well received by the Committee.

Open Discussion Retrospective

The following topics were discussed; 

* Driving awareness and consolidation generally (eg recordings (playlist in progress), website revamp  
* Coordination of workstreams; need to make it easier and more synthesised  
* Awaiting feedback on first draft of the “Input to to the Technical Descriptions of Important and Critical Product Categories”  
* Creation of short/concise (lite) whitepaper format on topics requiring a shorter timeframe was brought forward outlining how this could be a really good deliverable.   
  * The idea was well received and very interesting.  Discussed more granular details of what this could entail, how it could be included in the working group’s mandate, look and feel and so on:   
    * could be part of the overall Deliverable Plan within the CRA SIG.    
    * mechanics and process of timing, look and feel and how to apply discretion (not an open buffet) to fall to the responsibility of the SIG Leads  
    *  There was general consensus to take this topic to an electronic vote of the Steering Committee.

### Resolutions to be approved  N/A

# Resolutions

## Next Meeting

May 15th \- 16.30

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

