# **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Steering Committee Meeting

###  23 January 2025 \-

| Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| [Approval of the MoM of the previous SC Call](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lvoM6cPBsk7uHuXdaj_wicZzxDsEl1EFlMj7aRwU1W4/edit?usp=sharing) | Juan | 5 |
| ORC WG process specification project license | Juan/Tobie | 10 |
| [ORC WG Program Plan](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1jHjvIy4RiweoMIQBqMfPPNiRMnfqpobzUddashxiPXs/edit#slide=id.g3104997a05c_0_80) review  | Juan | 20 |
| [ORC WG Comments Process](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/a3bc2088225e2249a44a1c9b8d93898fb91a3986/processes/orc-wg-comment-process.md) ([pull request](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/2))  | Tobie | 10 |
| Current Status of the WG & CRA Expert Group | All | 10 |
| AOB | All | 5 |

**Quorum \- 50% of Representatives / \>50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote**  
 

# ATTENDEES

## Steering Committee Members

- [x] Mercedes-Benz:  Daniel Dilger (Primary), Tim Herres (Alternate)  
- [x] Nokia: Timo Perala (Primary), Jonne Soininen (Alternate)  
- [x] Huawei: Adrian Oâ€™Sullivan (Primary)  
- [x] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)  
- [x] Dirk-Willem van Gulik, Apache Software Foundation (Elected Foundation)[^1]  
- [ ] Roberto Di Cosmo, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation)

## Eclipse Foundation Staff

- [ ] Gael Blondelle, Chief Membership Officer  
- [ ] Sharon Corbett, Program Director, Industry Collaborations  
- [x] Juan Rico, Senior Program Manager  
- [x] Tobie Langel, ORC WG Tech Lead / UnlockOpen

## Guest

- [x] Detelf Zerfowski (Bosch)

# MINUTES

## Quorum: 

Quorum was achieved

## Membership status

Welcome Huawei as ORC WG strategic member

## Approval of the MoM of the 2025-01-09 SC Call

Approved with no observations.

## ORC WG process specification project license

CC-BY 4.0 approved working on the materials that will be shared for voting on the licenses of the project

## ORC WG Program Plan

A couple of items in the list of key metrics will be amended to be more clear and precise.  
Final version will be circulated as PDF to be voted in the next SC meeting.

## ORC Commenting process

Main Goal \- Lightweight process to obtain consensus.  
Contribute and provide feedback to the current proposal [here](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/a3bc2088225e2249a44a1c9b8d93898fb91a3986/processes/orc-wg-comment-process.md%20)

## CRA Expert Group

Dirk-Willem commenting about the focus  
Collect contributions for the agenda and make it useful.  
Use it as a way of funnelling uncertainty to be clarified by the EC.

## AOB

# Resolutions

The minutes of the previous meeting were approved.

## Next Meeting

Next meeting will be on the 6th of February 16.30 CET

### Supporting Materials

[20250123 ORC WG SC meeting](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1y730sONi5gVWYQPGXQa1jNdx8gtz7sBaAfn5oNBXzps/edit?usp=sharing)

###  **Meeting Adjournment**

The meeting adjourned at 5:26 pm CET

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  


[^1]: Arrived 15mins late