# **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Steering Committee Meeting

###  20 March 2025

| Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| [Approval of the MoM](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SpBm6xristl0spt1U-t4jN4oOSFj0LjiBbQ2vWlLGBs/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.gxn7522l60z2) | Juan | 5 |
| WG leadership | Juan | 15 |
| ORC marketing activities | Juan/Shanda | 25 |
| AOB | All | 5 |

**Quorum \- 50% of Representatives / \>50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote**  
 

# ATTENDEES

## Steering Committee Members

- [ ] Mercedes-Benz:  Daniel Dilger (Primary), Tim Herres (Alternate)  
- [x] Nokia: Timo Perala (Primary)  
- [x] Huawei: Adrian O’Sullivan (Primary)  
- [x] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)  
- [x] Dirk-Willem van Gulik, Apache Software Foundation (Elected Foundation)  
- [x] Roberto Di Cosmo, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation)[^1]

      

## Eclipse Foundation Staff

- [ ] Gael Blondelle, Chief Membership Officer  
- [ ] Sharon Corbett, Program Director, Industry Collaborations  
- [x] Juan Rico, Senior Program Manager  
- [x] Tobie Langel, ORC WG Tech Lead / UnlockOpen  
- [x] Shanda Giacomoni, Senior Marketing Manager

# MINUTES

## Quorum: 

Quorum was achieved at 16:33 

## Approval of the MoM of the 2025-03-06 SC Call

Approved with no regrets

## WG leadership

It was presented how the working group is going to be coordinated:

* Steering Committee Chairs \- Dirk-Willem van Gulik (ASF) and Timo Perala (Nokia)  
* Specification Committee Chair- Simon Phipps (Software Heritage)  
* Specification Project Leads \- Mikael Barbero, Simon Phipps, Dirk-Willem van Gulik and Timo Perala  
* SIG Leads \- Simon Phipps, Dirk-Willem van Gulik and Timo Perala

This doesn’t affect the decision-making process but is a step towards simplifying all administrative and coordination duties in the WG.

## ORC Marketing Activities

It was discussed two main topics, increase WG participation in the marketing activities and events.  
Regarding the engagement, it was proposed:

* Use the [\#outreach-and-engagement](https://orcwg.slack.com/archives/C08JHFPFUMQ) to discuss marketing initiatives. It is open to anyone who would like to provide feedback on marketing ideas.  
* The marketing team will explore ways to support the community when presenting the ORC (i.e. slides)

In terms of events, it was presented the list of potential candidates to organize ORC related activities, available [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-Z8M4-d_of59WP47bfncVvTO3vX3E2OZ9GAS_ismBGs/edit?usp=sharing). Based on the preferences and attendance, it will be defined specific actions to implement, present, organize sessions or organize colocated events.  
Also in terms of events, a webinar series is being developed, it will be used Slack to close the details.  
Finally, we discussed the assets developed by LF around the CRA, and the possibilities of cooperating with them in the awareness area. 

## AOB

* **Formalization of consensus on non-specification deliverables** \- this topic was discussed and the decision is to not require the approval of the Steering Committee (formal voting) for the submission of those deliverables, their acceptance will be based on community consensus.

## Resolutions

The minutes of the 2025-03-06 meeting were approved by the Steering Committee.

## Next Meeting

Next meeting will be on the 17th of April at 16.30 CET  
**Meeting Adjournment**  
The meeting adjourned at 17:30 CET

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  


[^1]:  Leaving at 16:50