# **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Steering Committee Meeting

###  9 October, 2025 

| Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approval of the [minutes of the previous ORC Steering Committee call](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ApP4emoO9neru_cXfqkw9mB2i-Mb7MqvVoI-NRPQyxk/edit?usp=sharing)  | Juan | 5 |
| Analysis of the deliverable plan | Juan | 25 |
| CRA Expert Group preparation | Juan | 10 |
| 2026 Program plan preparation timeline | Juan | 5 |
| Code & compliance event update | Juan & Shanda | 10 |
| AOB | All | 5 |

**Quorum \- 50% of Representatives / \>50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote**  
Quorum is 4 with 3 votes affirmative for simple majority  
 

# ATTENDEES

## Steering Committee Members

- [ ] Mercedes-Benz:  Daniel Dilger (Primary), Tim Herres (Alternate)  
- [x] Nokia: **Timo Perala** (Primary), Jonne Soininen (Alternate)  
- [x] Huawei: Adrian O’Sullivan (Primary)  
- [x] Red Hat: Roman Zhukov (Primary), **Pavel Hruza** (Alternate)  
- [x] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)  
- [x] Dirk-Willem van Gulik, Apache Software Foundation (Elected Foundation)  
- [ ] Roberto Di Cosmo, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation)

## Eclipse Foundation Staff

- [ ] Sharon Corbett  
- [x] Juan Rico  
- [x] Shanda Giacomoni  
- [x] Ciarán O'Riordan

# MINUTES

## Quorum: 

Quorum reached at 16:01

## Notes:

Minutes from the previous steering committee meeting held on September 11th marked as approved.

### WG Status update 

- The Working group currently has 58 members, it was also clarified the situation from NIIS, which is a participant member.  
- Through the supporting slide it was presented the current status of the WG:  
  - Revamp of the FAQ \- now a friendly resource but still Work in progress \- check it [here](https://cra.orcwg.org/)  
  - White paper on stewards and the CRA progressing and continuation for the work already identified.  
  - Attestations work is in the process of being launched, after the project went through community review.  
  - Training program work has started, news will be shared soon.  
- In terms of relationship with the Institutions  
  - CRA Expert Group \- Guidance launched by the EC.  
  - Letter to the ESOs will be shared soon, it will be open to others to use it as well.  
  - Start contacting the national representatives to increase the WG footprint.  
- Outreach and Engagement  
  - The focus is on Code and compliance  
  - We are starting conversations around what to do at FOSDEM  
  - There are still events in 2025, after them we will analyse what we can improve in our communication to engage deeper with the community.

### Analysis of the deliverable plan

- After analysing the WG activities trying to extract lessons learned from the process 4 main ideas has been identified:  
  - Editor role is key.  
  - Team of core contributors is necessary.  
  - Those two elements should be clear when an item is proposed.  
  - We should not wait for the EC to provide guidance, but focus on what is needed for the community and report those documents as our community view to the European Commission.  
- Several ideas where presented to encourage participation:  
  - Adding in the deliverable list the name of the editor to give them credit, and encourage others to act as editors gainin visibility  
  - Rely on guidance from the European Commission and do not replicate what they are already sharing, keeping in mind the audiences each is addressing.  
- In terms of needs, attestations, due diligence and the continuation on the vulnerability reporting area look like the main items to continue working on.

### CRA Expert Group

- The agenda for the event has been published and circulated through the WG mailing list. The key aspects for the open source community in it are:  
  - ENISA role focusing on two main areas:  
    - SBOMs   
    - CRA reporting platform \- curious about how open source is expected to contribute to it.  
  - Guidance package  
    - It has been released by the European Commission on the 8th of October, the most relevant ones is the one on FOSS and Risk Assessment.  
- A meeting to share information will be organised next week, although is not possible to share the documents.

### Code & compliance event update

- The agenda is almost closed, most of the items are already in the website and now we are pushing to get more registrations.  
- It was proposed to have some interactive exercise to identify interest on different topics, collect inputs for them, and use 15 minutes before closing to share the outcomes and next steps.

### AOB

- The refactoring of the ORCWG organization might move some of the traditional paths we followed. Reach out to EF staff if anyone is having issues finding specific information.  
- ESOs activities coordination is a very valuable activity and we will arrange a discussion around it at the Code and Compliance meeting.  
- There will be a proposal to create the Attestation task force and to host the meetings as part of the WG calendar.

### Adjournment

17:05

# Resolutions

The minutes of the Steering Committee meeting held on Sept 11th were approved.

## Supporting materials

[2025-10-09-orc-steering-committee-slides.pdf](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Ay_0jwc7ADZVGaQeBs1_oBHpHKU7yKPF/view?usp=sharing)

## Next Meeting

November 6th \- 16.00 CET \- 14:00 UTC  
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_