---
Committee: Steering Committee
Document type: Minutes
Status: ✅ Approved
Date: 2025-06-12
Approved: 2025-09-11
---

# **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Steering Committee Meeting

###  12 June, 2025 

| Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approval of the minutes of the previous ORC Steering Committee call | Juan | 5 |
| WG Status update | Juan | 5 |
| CRA Expert Group meeting feedback | Juan/Tobie/Dirk-Willem | 15 |
| Common Criteria | Dirk-Willem | 15 |
| Marketing and Events opportunities for H2 | Juan/Shanda | 15 |
| AOB | All | 5 |

**Quorum \- 50% of Representatives / \>50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote**  
 

# ATTENDEES

## Steering Committee Members

- [x] Mercedes-Benz:  Daniel Dilger (Primary), Tim Herres (Alternate)  
- [x] Nokia: Timo Perala (Primary), Jonne Soininen (Alternate)  
- [ ] Huawei: Adrian O’Sullivan (Primary)  
- [x] Red Hat: Roman Zhukov (Primary), Pavel Hruza (Alternate)  
- [x] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)  
- [x] Dirk-Willem van Gulik, Apache Software Foundation (Elected Foundation)  
- [ ] Roberto Di Cosmo, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation)

## Eclipse Foundation Staff

- [x] Tobie Langel   
- [ ] Sharon Corbett  
- [x] Juan Rico  
- [x] Shanda Giacomoni

# MINUTES

## Quorum: 

Quorum reached 15:34

### Notes:

Minutes of the previous meeting were approved with no objections.

### Working Group Status Update

* Summary included in the slides \-   
  * 50 members and   
  * Vulnerability management task force to be launched   
* Question Annex \- informative content to improve the relationship between open source projects and manufacturers. Doing it in the open in ORC and with contributions to PT3 and then return it back to PT3. Potentially also contributed back to PT1 and PT2.  
* Vulnerability handling Task Force \- PT3 focuses on manufacturers, so there is nothing there for stewards. The TF aims at clarifying the obligations and how this relationship will work. 

### CRA Expert Group feedback

* Net positive feeling out of the meeting.  
* The EC is using the feedback they are receiving.  
* They are prioritizing the Open Source guidance. The workstrand is progressing.  
* Good alignment between the open source community wants and the EC is creating by minimizing the disruptions. Good alignment in three key topics monetization for maintainers and single vendor open source, service vendor modeling.  
* The focus of the Commission is to create guidance for compliance people, not focusing on the broader industry.  
* We will be able to leverage the work for creating the guidance to answer some of the questions included in the FAQ. FAQ seen as the user interface covering all the basis that the guidance addresses but not a 1:1 translation.

### Common criteria

* It was presented the risk of the adoption of Common Criteria as the only way of being able to fulfill CRA requirements, since it already exists and it is applied to some critical products.  
* Common Criteria doesn’t fit very well with most of the products and it was raised the point about positioning ORC and have a voice in that discussion.  
* The Steering Committee decided not to engage deeply in that discussion, from a strategic point of view, but encourage starting a conversation about the topic in the mailing list.

### Marketing and events in H2

* It was presented the approach for the second half of the year, bringing the attention to the specific contributions that can be done by the members of the community. Those main categories are included in slide 9 of the presentation shared.  
* Regarding the events, it was also presented the ones with confirmation of community participation. Depending on the level of involvement, the WG will perform different communication activities (Slide 10).  
* What is important is to bring awareness to the community about the opportunities around sharing information about talks so the marketing team can promote them.  
* A speaker support kit it is being prepared to support every member of the WG presenting ORC (slide 11).

### AOB

None

# Resolutions

## Supporting materials

[Slides presented during the Steering Commitee](./supporting-materials/2025-06-12-orc-steering-committee-slides.pdf)

## Next Meeting

July 10th \- 16.30

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
