---
Committee: Steering Committee
Document type: Minutes
Status: ✅ Approved
Date: 2025-09-11
Approved: 2025-10-09
---

# **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Steering Committee Meeting

###  11 Sept, 2025 

| Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approval of the minutes of the previous ORC Steering Committee call (June 12\)  | Juan | 5 |
| WG Status update \- including staffing | Juan | 20 |
| CEN/CENELEC PT3 request for Open Source contribution | Juan | 20 |
| Code & compliance event update | Juan & Shanda | 10 |
| AOB | All | 5 |

**Quorum \- 50% of Representatives / \>50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote**  
Quorum is 4 with 3 votes affirmative for simple majority  
 

# ATTENDEES

## Steering Committee Members

- [ ] Mercedes-Benz:  Daniel Dilger (Primary), Tim Herres (Alternate)  
- [x] Nokia: Timo Perala (Primary), Jonne Soininen (Alternate)  
- [x] Huawei: Adrian O’Sullivan (Primary)  
- [x] Red Hat: Roman Zhukov (Primary), Pavel Hruza (Alternate)  
- [x] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)  
- [x] Dirk-Willem van Gulik, Apache Software Foundation (Elected Foundation)  
- [ ] Roberto Di Cosmo, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation)

## Eclipse Foundation Staff

- [ ] Sharon Corbett  
- [x] Juan Rico  
- [x] Shanda Giacomoni  
- [x] Ciarán O'Riordan

# MINUTES

## Quorum: 

Reached at 16:01

Notes:  
Minutes from the previous meeting marked as approved.

### WG Status update \- including staffing

Current status:

- During the last weeks we incorporated to the WG 2 new members (NISS and ifross.de) making a total of 55 members.  
- Attestation work will be starting in the coming weeks, details and proposal to create a task force will be shared with the Steering Committee.  
- We have started to work on a training program, more details will be shared soon, so far we have discussed about the platform and a high level description of the modules. The details will be shared with the Steering Committee in other meetings. *It has been proposed to organised dedicated session for members as a membership benefit.*  
- CRA Expert group activity was quite low during the summer \- we reported the feedback to the risk assessment proposal.  
- Letter to the ESOs \- it was discussed how to proceed with the signing and *it was agreed that the co-chairs will be signing on behalf of the WG.*

EF Staffing:

- As presented in the email shared by Gaël in the mailing list, we have evolved the structure of the staff involved in the working group.  
- The team has been divided in 4 areas with a main contact for each of them  
  - Community management \- Juan  
  - Marketing, outreach and engagement \- Shanda  
  - Policy work \- Ciarán  
  - Technical coordination \- Juan  
- On the technical coordination it was reinforced that Juan act as coordinator, but the individual work items have their own leaders:  
  - FAQ \- Tobie  
  - Attestations \- Æva  
  - Vulnerability handling \- Marta, Mikael and Æva  
  - Launching of new items \- Juan  
- The policy work involves:   
  - Our activity in the CRA Expert Group. *It was proposed to increase the visibility of the activities in the CRA expert group by:*  
    - *Socializing the topics that are under discussion (as done in the glossary).*  
    - *Linking the feedback to the base content to have a better understanding and the right context.*  
    - *Track history of interactions with the CRA Expert group*  
  - The other area is Coordination with the ESOs.

### CEN/CENELEC PT3

- It was discussed how to react to the request by the European Commission of having open source included as part of the standard.  
- The current challenges goes beyond the use of the ISO 29147 as included [here](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/coordination/cen-cenelec-wg-9/deliverable-2-9.md).  
- The SC agreed on the Program Manager preparing a communication to the CEN/CENELEC WG9 PT3 representatives with a proposal based on the outcomes of the next WG9 PT3 meeting. This proposal will be socialized with the SC before sending it out to CEN and based on the response we will articulate the team to propose updates to the current draft.

### Code & compliance event update

- It couldn’t be covered in the session and an update by email will be shared by email.

### AOB

None

Adjournment  
The meeting was closed at 17:10 CEST \- 15:10 UTC.

# Resolutions

The minutes of the last Steering Committee meeting 2025-06-12 were approved.  
The letter to the ESOs will be sent signed by the Co-Chairs on behalf of the working Group

## Supporting materials

[Slides presented during the Steering Committee](./supporting-materials/2025-09-11-orc-steering-committee-slides.pdf)

## Next Meeting

9th of October 16:00 CEST \- 14:00 UTC  
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
