# **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Outreach and Engagement Community Call

###  22 May 2025 

| Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Review the proposed Fall 2025 event calendar | Shanda | 40 |
| Speaker support (swag and slides) | Shanda | 15 |
| AOB | All | 5 |


<details>
<summary><b>Participants </b></summary>
  
- Shanda Giacomoni (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)
- Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation)
- Daniel Thompson-Yvetot (Crabnebula)
- Daniel Janowski 
- Jan Westerkamp (iJUG)
- Jordan Maris (Open Source Initiative)
- Gerardo Lisboa (ESOP)
</details>

# Minutes
## Notes
- The group reviewed the proposed Fall 2025 event calendar ([event spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-Z8M4-d_of59WP47bfncVvTO3vX3E2OZ9GAS_ismBGs/edit?usp=sharing)).
  - **Action**: Community members are encouraged to add a column with their name. 
- Event-specific notes:
  - **Comply.Land**: Daniel T expressed interest in exploring ORC involvement.
  - **Nordic Software Security Summit**: EF's Security team might attend; confirmation needed.
  - **RIPE**: A conversation is needed with Alistair to evaluate relevance and interest.
  - **Code & Compliance Community Day**: This is the ORC community event for the fall, aligned with the CRA Expert Group meeting. This might be an opportunity to review vertical standards.
  - **SFS Con**: Will feature a CRA-focused track; participation seen as relevant and timely.
  - **GitHub Universe**: Seen as a good fit to engage younger developers.
  - **Black Hat Europe**: Identified as a must-attend; high relevance to ORC mission.
- Supporting materials for public presentations where ORC is included:
    - ORC in 1 or 2 slides - First attempt is already available [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1J6uNPMRRHfm9phnk7SKA_fOJVjv8Fkjnbp6leT15xB8/edit?usp=sharing).
    - Deliverables explained in 1 slide - To be created and socialised for feedback.
    - Full pitch deck - To be created and socialised for feedback.
    - For each of the available materials, there will be a communication and a call for comments and contributions to the community.
  - **Action**: Open deck for public/community feedback.
- Discussion on promotional materials:
  - General consensus that swag would be valuable for speakers (e.g., shirts, stickers).
  - A fun idea was suggested: tissues branded to “wipe away CRA tears.”
 
## AOB

- None

## Supporting Materials

- [Fall 2025 Event Planning Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-Z8M4-d_of59WP47bfncVvTO3vX3E2OZ9GAS_ismBGs/edit?usp=sharing)  
- [Draft Planning Deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1J6uNPMRRHfm9phnk7SKA_fOJVjv8Fkjnbp6leT15xB8/edit?usp=sharing)
