# **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Outreach and Engagement Community Call

###  26 June 2025 

| Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| ORC Mascot | Shanda | 20 |
| Priority events for H2 | Shanda | 20 |
| AOB | All | 5 |

 

<details>
<summary><b>Participants </b></summary>

- Shanda Giacomoni (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Olle E. Johansson (Edvina, OWASP)  
- Timo Perala (Nokia)
</details>

# Minutes

- ORC Mascot
    - Design brief feedback:
        - Should be gender neutral
        - Avoid stereotypical developer traits to reflect diversity
        - Consider the possibility of using a set of characters
    - Decision on the mascot concept may be made via SIG call or steering committee
    - Target timeline for decision: mid to late August (tentative decision at Aug 18 SIG meeting)

- Events
   - Nordic Software Security Summit (https://nsss.se)
       - Potential to reach new audiences for ORC membership
       - Suggestion to have a small tabletop presence to introduce ORC
       - Consider hosting a gathering. Either social or content-focused
    - Comply.land
        - Idea: “Ask us about the CRA” during a social event (possibly while wearing ORC-branded T-shirts)
        - Keep the format light and informal

## AOB

- Broader community amplification of ORC is needed
    - Many ORC-related presentations are being given by community members. Continue to highlight these
    - Encourage strategic members to have their policy teams speak about ORC in Brussels
        -  Messaging should connect their company’s goals to ORC initiatives
        -  Provide bullet points that committee members can forward internally to help facilitate this

## Supporting Materials
[Slides shared during the meeting](/outreach-and-engagement/minutes/2025/2025-06-26-orc-o&e.pdf)
