---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task force: Vulnerability Handling TF
Document type: Minutes
Status: üìù Draft
Date: 2025-07-03
---

##  Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve agenda | |
|   3 | Approve minutes | |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last TF call | |
|  10 | Present [SIG Deliverables plan](../../deliverables.md) | |
|  15 | Explain abstract process | |
|  20 | Discuss possible topics for TF deliverables | |
|  25 |  | |
|  30 |  | |
|  35 |  | |
|  40 | Prioritize TF deliverables | |
|  45 |  | |
|  50 | Identify volunteers for authoring abstracts for deliverables | |
|  55 | AOB | |


## Attendees

* Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)
* Mathias Schindler (GitHub)
* Arnout Engelen (Apache Software Foundation)
* Santiago Ruano Rinc√≥n (Freexian/Debian)
* Jakub Zelenka (PHP Foundation)
* Marta Rybczynska (Eclipse Foundation)
* Becky Hepper (Seagate)
* Jeremy Stanley (Spec Committee, OpenInfra Foundation, SPI)
* Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF))
* Gerardo Lisboa (ESOP - Portugal Business Open Source)
* Faidon Liambotis (Freexian)
* Sal Kimmich (GadflyAI)


## Minutes

### Welcome & approve agenda

* Agenda approved
### Approve minutes
* [Minutes from the last meeting](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/task-forces/vulnerability-handling-tf/minutes/2025-06-19-mom-vulnerability-handling-tf.md) were approved

### Pending action items
- [X] Create dedicated slack channel
- [X] Cancel [Deliverable 2.4][deliverable-2-4]
- [X] Schedule fortnightly meeting
- [X] Start thread on mailing list to discuss TF deliverables

### SIG Deliverables plan & Explanaition of Abstract process

The four categories of deliverables were presented:
  * Documentation
  * Input & contributions
  * White papers
  * Specification

The process to lead a deliverable is: 
  * providing an abstract to be discussed with the community,
  * gather other community members to help to contribute to it,
  * develop it in the public.

The abstract is intended to be a light document that clarify the intention of the deliverable, align it with Woring Group activities and help other members of the community to join and participate in it.

### Discuss possible topics for TF deliverables, next steps and contributors
Proposal - here https://www.eclipse.org/lists/open-regulatory-compliance/msg00829.html 
Whitepaper Open Source Software Stewards and CRA Whitepaper

This whitepaper will aim to elaborate on the obligations, restrictions, and penalties that will be imposed on Stewards. 

Considerations:
 * How to feed inputs to CEN/CENELEC PT3
 * The stewards targeted by the deliverable include open source Foundations and for-profit under the right circumstances.
 * TF members will be contributing what other non-public forums are discussing around the topic

Several people volunteered to join Marta in the preparation of the deliverable. To make it simple, we will handle this in the GitHub space openly using Pull requests.

Since the proposal to contribute an annex to CEN/CENELEC PT3 about open source stewards was rejected, we will be sharing the link to the deliverable work with them so they can stay updated and eventually contribute to it.

### AOB
No modification to the scheduled calendar for meetings during the summer

## Actions for the next meeting
- [ ] Marta to trigger the discussion in GitHub via a new page

[TF]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#vulnerability-handling-tf
[PT 3 liaison notes]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig/coordination/cen-cenelec-wg-9
[deliverable-2-2]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/coordination/cen-cenelec-wg-9/deliverable-2-2.md
[deliverable-2-4]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/coordination/cen-cenelec-wg-9/deliverable-2-4.md
