---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task force: Vulnerability Handling TF
Document type: Minutes
Status: ⚠️ Draft
Date: 2025-12-04
---

##  Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics | 
| -- | ----- | 
|   0 | Welcome & approve agenda | 
|   5 | Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting  https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/218|
|  10 | White paper Status https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/222 |
|  15 |  |
|  20 |  |
|  25 |  |
|  30 |  |
|  35 |  |
|  40 |  | 
|  45 |  |
|  50 |  | 
|  55 | AOB | 

## Participants
- Juan(Eclipse Foundation)
- Jeremy Stanley (ORC Spec Committee, OpenInfra Foundation, SPI Inc)
- Faidon Liambotis (Freexian)
- Olle E. Johansson, (Edvina/OWASP)
- Æva Black (Null Point Studio)
- Mark Thomas (ASF)
- Timo Perälä (Nokia)
- Santiago Ruano (Freexian/Debian)


## Notes
### Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting
- Minutes are approved with no objections

### White paper status
- The current version of the white paper is already available in PR222.
- Most of the comments have been already addressed, there is only a couple of them pending.
- @All to check if there is anything that needs to be updated.
- We will be preparing the version1.0, but the whitepaper is a living document and there is space for improvements and additions.
- We will develop a promotion campaign to raise awareness about the deliverable content and availability. We will explore how a bidirectional communication can be implemented with the available resources.

### AOB
- It was presented the new initiative OpenSSF is developing from owv.dev
- The presentation is [here](../supporting-materials/2025-12-04-lf-oss-vuln-db-program.pdf)
- We will monitor opportunities that can emerge from this initiative.
