---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task force: Vulnerability Handling TF
Document type: Minutes
Status: ⚠️ Draft
Date: 2025-10-30
---

##  Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics | 
| -- | ----- | 
|   0 | Welcome & approve agenda | 
|   5 | Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting  https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/189|
|  10 | White paper Status https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150  |
|  15 |  |
|  20 |  |
|  25 |  |
|  30 |  |
|  35 |  |
|  40 |  | 
|  45 |  |
|  50 |  | 
|  55 | AOB | 

## Attendees
- Juan Rico - Eclipse Foundation
- Mark Thomas - ASF
- Æva Black - Null Point Studio
- Daniel Thompson-Yvetot - Tauri
- Marta Rybczynska - Eclipse Foundation 

## Notes

### Minutes from the previous meeting
  - Minutes approved and will be merged after the meeting

### Whitepaper Status
- The first draft is almost ready for internal review.
- There were a few comments that need to be addressed first.
- The plan is to use this document as a living one, but keep the release date for the end of November.
  - The internal review process will start as soon as the comments are resolved.
  - After the internal comment process is completed, the next step is working on the editorials and its publication.

### Follow up from agenda items from last meeting:
  - Stewards outside Europe 
    - No news on this topic
  - ENISA SRP and the Expert Group status report
    - During the CRA Expert Group, ENISA introduced briefly the CRA platform.
    - The presentation just covered the flows, but there was no information on how open source stewards should act.
    - The current approach is that all communications should go through the CSIRTs, but there is not enough information about the topic yet.
    - Once the slides presented during the EG are distributed, we'll try to get more information about it.


