---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task force: Vulnerability Handling TF
Document type: Minutes
Status: ⚠️ Draft
Date: 2025-11-20
---

##  Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics | 
| -- | ----- | 
|   0 | Welcome & approve agenda | 
|   5 | Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting  https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/204|
|  10 | White paper Status https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/205 https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/206 https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/208 https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/209 https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/216  |
|  15 |  |
|  20 |  |
|  25 |  |
|  30 |  |
|  35 |  |
|  40 |  | 
|  45 |  |
|  50 |  | 
|  55 | AOB | 

## Participants

- Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)
- Jeremy Stanley (ORC Spec Committee, OpenInfra Foundation, SPI Inc)
- Marta Rybczynska (Eclipse Foundation)
- Mark Thomas (ASF)
- Mathias Schindler (GitHub)
- Faidon Liambotis (Freexian)
- Æva Black (Null Point Studio)


## Notes
- Minutes of the previous meeting → marked as approved
### White paper
- PR 216 adding a paragraph to clarify who is an steward and who is not; and that most OSS won’t have stewards
- PR 205 - on Project-Steward relation, all comments addressed, waiting for approvals
- PR 206 - all comments in the PR addressed
- PR 208 - still a few things to be added, combining an issue and the PR
- PR 209 - on Security Policy, big items addressed, left small additions (rewording and links)
- PR 210 - Merge to the discussion to the CSIRTs, sync with the OpenSSF doc

