---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task force: Vulnerability Handling TF
Document type: Minutes
Status: ✅ Approved
Date: 2025-11-06
---

##  Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics | 
| -- | ----- | 
|   0 | Welcome & approve agenda | 
|   5 | Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting  https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/200|
|  10 | White paper Status https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/150  |
|  15 |  |
|  20 |  |
|  25 |  |
|  30 |  |
|  35 |  |
|  40 |  | 
|  45 |  |
|  50 |  | 
|  55 | AOB | 

### Attendees
  - Juan Rico - Eclipse Foundation
  - Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF))
  - Æva Black - Null Point Studio
  - Santiago Ruano (Freexian/Debian)
  - Faidon Liambotis (Freexian)
  - Arnout Engelen (ASF)
  - Jakub Zelenka (PHP Foundation)

## Notes
### Minutes from previous meeting
- The minutes from the previous meeting were approved. They will be marked as that and merged.

### Whitepaper

- #PR150 has been approved and is available now [here](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig%2Fwhitepapers%2Fstewards-and-cra.md)
- To facilitate the discussion, there will be different branches per topic.
- The proposed process to complete the v1.0 is:
  - Open the commenting period until Nov.20 - Marta will send an email with links to known pull requests and the document, asking people for comments
  - Final editorial work will happen between the 21st and 30th.
  - Release the whitepaper by the end of the month.
- It was suggested to check OpenSSF CRA Playbook LF CRA Playbook for reference and to avoid contradictions in the materials - available [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DhI-MgWh_8ocoWqNf0PvaIrDzL_1-cdOwrHPUC8THp0/edit?tab=t.0)

### AOB
- Olle and Æva had a discussion-of-opportunity about CVE challenges on the ORC Slack this morning, but many folks did not yet see it. Let's move that discussion to the mailing list so everyone can participate, and put it on the agenda for the next meeting both can attend.

