---
SIG: Cyber Resilience SIG
Task force: Vulnerability Handling TF
Document type: Minutes
Status: ⚠️ Draft
Date: 2026-02-26
---

##  Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics | 
| -- | ----- | 
|   0 | Welcome & approve agenda | 
|   5 | Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting  https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/243|
|  10 | Update on the Due diligence work [ref](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_IpLqgWogDNGzN4J51L1pXQv0GsCYR4xPdn-BwXVBrk/edit?usp=sharing)|
|  15 |  |
|  20 |  |
|  25 |  |
|  30 |  |
|  35 |  Update on GVIP|
|  40 |  | 
|  45 |  |
|  50 |  | 
|  55 | AOB | 


## Participants

- Olle E. Johansson, Edvina /OWASP  
- Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Jeremy Stanley (ORC Spec Ctte, OpenInfra Fdn, SPI Inc)  
- Mathias Schindler (GitHub)  
- Timo Perälä (Nokia)  
- Piotr P. Karwasz (Apache Software Foundation)

## Notes

### Minutes from the previous meeting

- Minutes approved and merged

### Update on due diligence work

- Updated structure of the document  
- Draft white paper available  
  - First content is already available for further discussion.  
- How to focus the work to support people's education.  
- What does due diligence mean in the context of the CRA \- involve people in answering this one.  
- Prepare a short position paper about due diligence to help frame the work and engage with more people.  
- Focus on creating a v1 with the areas in which people want to work.  
- Presentation by Olle on due diligence:  
  - Extend obligations of the CRA  
- Clearly separate what obligations are and what proposals are to increase the security and sustainability of the ecosystem.  
- OEJ: Propose to focus on Due Diligence of open source  
- Maybe consider producing a short training material on “Due Diligence of Open Source components in your product”  
- Add discussion of OpenSSF tools  
  - First rule “Ask yourself if you really need this component”  
  - The scorecard  
  - The bcp badge  
- “Maintainer doesn’t owe you anything”  
- What can upstream stewards and the project do to support this process?

### GVIP Update

- Getting new orgs onboard.  
  - Aboutcode Foundation  
  - Erlang Ecosystem Foundation  
- Community meetings started 
  - https://www.gvip-project.org/community/

### AOB

- April 8-10 NSSS \- Stockholm [https://nsss.se](https://nsss.se) \- Discountcode “ORCWG2625” gives 10% on fee up to March 15th  
- April 21-23 OCX \- Brussels
