---
Committee: Steering Committee
Document type: Minutes
Status: âœ… Approved
Date: 2024-12-12
---

# **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Steering Committee Inaugural Meeting

###  12 December 2024

| Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approval of the MoM of the Inaugural SC Call | Juan | 5 |
| Working Group structure  | Tobie | 15 |
| ORC WG Program Plan presentation | Juan | 20 |
| WG communication and management tools | Tobie | 10 |
| Next Steps & AOB | Sharon/All | 10 |

**Quorum \- 50% of Representatives / \>50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote**  
 

# ATTENDEES

## Steering Committee Members

- [x] Mercedes-Benz:  **Daniel Dilger** (Primary), **Tim Herres** (Alternate)  
- [x] Nokia: **Timo Perala** (Primary), Jonne Soininen (Alternate)  
- [ ] Bosch:  Andreas Nauerz (Primary), Detlef Zerfowski (Alternate)  
- [x] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)  
- [x] Dirk-Willem van Gulik, Apache (Elected Foundation)  
- [ ] Roberto Di Cosmo, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation)

## Eclipse Foundation Staff 

- [x] Gael Blondelle, Chief Membership Officer  
- [x] Sharon Corbett, Program Director, Industry Collaborations  
- [x] Juan Rico, Senior Program Manager  
- [x] Tobie Langel, ORC WG Tech Lead / UnlockOpen

# MINUTES

## Quorum: 

Quorum was achieved

## Approval of the MoM of the inaugural SC Call

Approved with no objections.

## Working Group Structure

The structure discussion was continued from the last SC meeting call.  
The current structure aims at, provide flexibility to the WG, find the right contributors to the different projects, and keep the governance structure focused on creating value. 

The current umbrella project proposal \- [Cyber Resilience Practices | projects.eclipse.org](https://projects.eclipse.org/proposals/cyber-resilience-practices) 

## ORC WG Program Plan

The SC agrees on working on the current version of the ORC WG Program Plan document. The process will cover:

1. Input to the document adding comments where necessary   
2. Consolidation of the feedback in a new version of the document  
3. Review in the SC on the 9th of January and decide on the next steps having the SC meeting on the 23rd as the target approval date.

## WG Communication and management tools

The WG communication tool will be **Slack**.  
The repository will be in GitHub, it will be properly organized and configured to support the needs of contributors and committees.

## AOB

There will be some charter revisions to update aspects that are not currently reflected in the current version (i.e. support for individual committer members), more information will be shared shortly.

# Resolutions

The minutes of the Inaugural Steering Committee call were approved.

## Next Meeting

Next meeting will be on the 9th of January 16.30 CET

### Supporting Materials

[20241212\_ORCWG\_SC\_Meeting](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pBK6JVkkctO2sv4EOrF7FQsRlXIDD_lz/view?usp=sharing)

###  **Meeting Adjournment**

The meeting adjourned at 5:29 pm CET

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
